INTERIM REPORT 2025
中期報告
COMPANY PROFILE
公司簡介
BYD Company Limited (“BYD” or “the Company”, together with its 
subsidiaries, “the Group”; stock code: H shares: 01211 (HKD counter); 
81211 (RMB counter); A shares: 002594) is principally engaged in 
automobile business which mainly includes new energy vehicles, 
handset components and assembly services, rechargeable batteries and 
photovoltaics business. Meanwhile, with its technological superiority, the 
Group actively develops urban rail transportation business segment.
As a pioneer and leader in the global new energy vehicle industry, relying 
on its strong technological accumulation in the key fields of automobile 
electrification and intelligence, and through continuous technological 
innovation, the Group has developed its long-term and sustainable 
core competitive advantages which solidified the leading position of the 
Group in the global new energy vehicle industry and accelerated the 
transformation and upgrade of the global automobile industry.
BYD is one of the leading rechargeable battery manufacturers in the 
world. As to the field of consumer batteries, the Group’s li-ion batteries are 
widely used in various consumer electronics products and new intelligent 
products. As to the field of power batteries, the Group has developed 
“Blade Batteries”, the highly safe LFP batteries, to better meet the urgent 
demand of safety in the market, and to speed up the pace of LFP batteries 
returning to the mainstream market of power batteries, thereby boosting 
the steady and long-term development of the global new energy vehicle 
industry. As to the field of energy storage batteries, the Group focuses 
on applications such as power-side energy storage, power grid energy 
storage, industrial and commercial energy storage and household energy 
storage to provide cleaner and more sustainable energy storage solutions 
to customers.
As an important move of the Group in the field of clean energy, the 
photovoltaics business is devoted to changing the lifestyle of people with 
clean energy. With an aim to achieve the sustainable development of clean 
energy, it has a complete industrial chain layout covering silicon wafer, 
solar cells, photovoltaic modules and photovoltaic system application, 
etc. The Group will continue to proactively develop new technologies to 
promote the continuous upgrade of its products.
As a global leading provider of high-tech and innovative products, 
the Group engages in a wide variety of business covering diversified 
areas including consumer electronics and AI data centers. With its core 
advantages in electronic information, AI, 5G and Internet of Things, thermal 
management, new materials, precision molds and digital manufacturing 
technologies, as well as efficient and scalable manufacturing experience 
and a diverse product portfolio, the Group provides customers around the 
world with one-stop product solutions.
With its technology and cost advantages in the area of new energy, 
the Group has successfully developed medium-capacity “SkyRail” and 
low-capacity “SkyShuttle” with high efficiency and low cost in the area 
of urban rail transportation, which, together with new energy vehicles, 
achieves the three-dimensional coverage of urban public transportation, 
and drives the long-term and sustainable development of the Group while 
addressing urban traffic jam and reducing air pollution.
比亞迪股份有限公司（「比亞迪」或「本公司」，連同其
附屬公司統稱「本集團」或「集團」；股份代號：H股：
01211（港幣櫃檯）；81211（人民幣櫃檯）；A股： 
002594）主要從事以新能源汽車為主的汽車業務、手
機部件及組裝業務，二次充電電池及光伏業務，同
時利用自身的技術優勢積極拓展城市軌道交通業務
領域。
作為全球新能源汽車行業先行者和領導者，本集團
憑借在汽車電動化及智能化等關鍵領域的雄厚技術
積累，通過技術的持續創新，打造出長期、可持續
的核心競爭優勢，夯實了本集團於全球新能源汽車
行業的領導地位，加速推動全球汽車產業轉型升級
進程。
本集團為全球領先的二次充電電池製造商之一。消
費類電池領域，本集團生產的鋰離子電池廣泛應用
於各類消費類電子產品及新型智能產品領域。動力
電池領域，本集團開發了高度安全的磷酸鐵鋰電池–
「刀片電池」，更好地解決市場安全痛點，加速磷酸
鐵鋰電池重回動力電池主流賽道，助力全球新能源
汽車產業行穩致遠。儲能電池領域，本集團在電源
側儲能、電網儲能、工商業儲能、家庭儲能等應用
領域發力，為客戶提供更加清潔可持續的儲能解決
方案。
光伏業務作為本集團在清潔能源領域的重要佈局之
一，致力於用清潔能源改變人類生活方式，以實現
能源的可持續發展為目標，擁有硅片、電池片、光
伏組件、光伏系統應用等全產業鏈佈局。本集團將
繼續積極佈局新技術，推動產品不斷升級。
作為全球領先的高科技創新產品提供商，本集團業
務廣泛，涵蓋消費電子、AI數據中心等多元化的市
場領域，依託電子信息技術、人工智能技術、5G和
物聯網技術、熱管理技術、新材料技術、精密模具
技術和數字化製造技術等核心優勢，以及高效規模
化的生產經驗和豐富的產品組合，為全球客戶提供
一站式產品解決方案。
憑藉在新能源業務領域建立的技術和成本優勢，本
集團在城市軌道交通領域成功研發出高效率、低成
本的中運量「雲軌」和低運量「雲巴」產品，配合新能
源汽車實現對城市公共交通的立體化覆蓋，在幫助
城市解決交通擁堵和空氣污染的同時，實現本集團
的長遠及可持續發展。
CONTENTS
目錄
2
Corporate Information
公司資料
4
Financial Highlights
財務摘要
5
Management Discussion and Analysis
管理層討論及分析
59
Consolidated Balance Sheet
合併資產負債表
62
Consolidated Income Statement
合併利潤表
65
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity
合併股東權益變動表
67
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
合併現金流量表
70
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
CORPORATE INFORMATION
公司資料
2
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Wang Chuan-fu
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Lv Xiang-yang
Xia Zuo-quan
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Cai Hong-ping 
Zhang Min
Yu Ling
SUPERVISORS
Li Yong-zhao 
Zhu Ai-yun 
Wang Zhen
Huang Jiang-feng 
Tang Mei
COMPANY SECRETARY
Li Qian
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Xia Zuo-quan 
Cai Hong-ping
Zhang Min (Chairman) 
Yu Ling
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Wang Chuan-fu 
Xia Zuo-quan
Cai Hong-ping (Chairman) 
Zhang Min
Yu Ling
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Wang Chuan-fu 
Lv Xiang-yang 
Cai Hong-ping 
Zhang Min
Yu Ling (Chairman)
STRATEGY AND SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT 
COMMITTEE
Wang Chuan-fu (Chairman) 
Lv Xiang-yang
Xia Zuo-quan 
Cai Hong-ping 
Zhang Min
執行董事
王傳福
非執行董事
呂向陽
夏佐全
獨立非執行董事
蔡洪平
張敏
喻玲
監事
李永釗
朱愛雲
王珍
黃江鋒
唐梅
公司秘書
李黔
審核委員會
夏佐全
蔡洪平
張敏（主席）
喻玲
薪酬委員會
王傳福
夏佐全
蔡洪平（主席）
張敏
喻玲
提名委員會
王傳福
呂向陽
蔡洪平
張敏
喻玲（主席）
戰略及可持續發展委員會 
王傳褔（主席）
呂向陽
夏佐全
蔡洪平
張敏
CORPORATE INFORMATION
公司資料
3
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
授權代表
王傳福
李黔
法定地址
中國
廣東省
深圳市
大鵬新區
葵涌街道
延安路一號
核數師
安永華明會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）
香港營業地點
香港
新界
大埔白石角科學園東路1號
核心大廈1E號
5樓505–510室
香港股份過戶登記處 
香港中央證券登記有限公司
香港
灣仔
皇后大道東183號
合和中心17樓
1712–1716號舖
投資者及傳媒關係顧問
IPR奧美公關
電話：(852)2136 6185
傳真：(852)3170 6606
電郵：byd@iprogilvy.com
公司網址
www.bydglobal.com
股票代碼
H股：01211（港幣櫃檯）；81211（人民幣櫃檯）
（於香港聯合交易所有限公司
（「香港聯交所」）交易）
A股：002594（於深圳證券交易所（「深交所」）交易）
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Wang Chuan-fu 
Li Qian
LEGAL ADDRESS
No. 1 Yan’an Road 
Kuichong Sub-district 
Dapeng New District 
Shenzhen 
Guangdong Province 
The PRC
AUDITORS
Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Unit 505-510, 5/F, Core Building 1E
1 Science Park E Avenue
Science Park, Pak Shek Kok
Tai Po
Hong Kong
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER 
OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited 
Shops 1712–1716
17th Floor Hopewell Centre 
183 Queen’s Road East 
Wanchai
Hong Kong
INVESTOR AND MEDIA RELATIONS CONSULTANT
iPR Ogilvy Ltd.
Tel: (852) 2136 6185
Fax: (852) 3170 6606
Email: byd@iprogilvy.com
WEBSITE
www.bydglobal.com
STOCK CODE
H Shares: 01211 (HKD counter); 81211 (RMB counter) 
(trading on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
(“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”))
A Shares: 002594 (trading on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (“SZSE”))
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
財務摘要
4
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
INTERIM RESULTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED  
30 JUNE 2025 (THE “PERIOD”)
 
 
 
Revenue
23.30%
to RMB371,281 million
營業額
至人民幣371,281百萬元
 
 
 
Gross profit
18.24%
to RMB66,866 million
毛利
至人民幣66,866百萬元
 
 
 
Profit attributable to owners of the parent
13.79%
to RMB15,511 million
母公司擁有人應佔溢利
至人民幣15,511百萬元
 
 
 
Earnings per share
9.62%
to RMB1.71
每股盈利
至人民幣1.71元
 
 
 
HIGHLIGHTS
1. 
New energy vehicle sales hit another record high, and the 
Group secured the title of sales champion among Chinese 
auto manufacturers and brands and in the global new 
energy vehicle market, with brand influence expanding 
widely;
2. 
Technological depth elevated brand stature, and the multi-
brand portfolio achieved exquisite refinement, seeing 
steadily improving brand recognition and reputation and 
sustained growth of high-end models;
3. 
The overseas market gained full momentum, achieving 
leapfrog growth in sales, accelerating localization efforts 
and becoming a new engine driving the Group’s sustained, 
rapid and high-quality expansion;
4. 
The electronics division focused on the high-value-
added consumer electronics segment, consolidated and 
augmented the leadership in the high-end market, actively 
capitalized on the AI development opportunities and 
accelerated expansion in new frontiers such as AI data 
centers;
5. 
During the Period, the industry malpractices such as 
“one-price policy” and “excessive marketing” intensified 
competition, affected the strategy of “Intelligent Driving for 
All”, and weighed on the short-term profitability of domestic 
businesses.
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月中期業
績（期內）
摘要
1. 
新能源汽車銷量再創新高，蟬聯中國市場車
企及品牌銷量冠軍、全球新能源汽車銷量冠
軍，品牌影響力持續擴大；
2. 
以技術深度鑄就品牌高度，多品牌梯度佈局
更趨完善，品牌知名度與美譽度穩步提升，
高端車型佔比持續增長；
3. 
海外市場全面發力，銷量實現跨越式增長，
本地化進程加速推進，成為集團持續高速高
質增長的新引擎；
4. 
電子業務聚焦消費電子高附加值產品，鞏固
並擴大高端市場領先優勢，積極把握AI發展
機遇，加快佈局AI數據中心等新賽道；
5. 
期內汽車行業「一口價」、「過度營銷」等亂象
頻發，競爭加劇，「全民智駕」戰略亦受影
響，導致國內盈利能力短期承壓。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
5
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
1. 
INDUSTRY ANALYSIS AND REVIEW
1.1 
Automobiles and Batteries Business
In the first half of 2025, the complex and ever-changing 
international environment has posed challenges to the 
international economic and trade order, resulting in weakened 
global economic growth momentum, and increased instability 
and uncertainty. In the face of external pressures, the 
Chinese government implemented proactive macro policies, 
enabling the Chinese economy to withstand pressures and 
sustain a stable and favorable development trend. This 
demonstrated China’s strong resilience and development 
potential, positioning itself as a “stabilizing force” for the global 
economy. According to the data released by the National 
Bureau of Statistics, China’s GDP grew by 5.3% year-on-year 
in the first half of 2025, laying a solid foundation for achieving 
the annual growth target of around 5%. Despite the generally 
positive macroeconomic indicators, the economy still faced 
a number of risks and challenges. Structural contradictions 
arising from China’s economic transformation had not yet been 
fundamentally resolved, the intrinsic drivers for consumption 
growth remained insufficient, and the foundation for economic 
operations still needed to be solidified.
1. 
行業分析及回顧
1.1 
汽車及電池業務
二零二五年上半年，國際環境複雜多變，國
際經貿秩序面臨衝擊，全球經濟增長動能減
弱，不穩定性、不確定性增加。面對外部環
境的壓力，中國政府通過積極有為的宏觀政
策發力，使中國經濟頂壓前行，延續了穩中
有進、穩中向好的發展態勢，展現出強大韌
性和發展潛力，成為推進世界經濟的「穩定
源」。據國家統計局發佈的數據，二零二五
年上半年國內生產總值同比增長5.3%，為完
成全年增長5%左右的預期目標打下了紮實基
礎。宏觀經濟指標總體向好，但經濟仍面臨
不少風險挑戰，中國經濟轉型的結構性矛盾
尚未根本緩解，消費增長的內生動力仍顯不
足，經濟運行的基礎還需鞏固。
PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW 
業績概覽
Note 2: Cash reserves include, but not limited to, monetary funds and financial 
assets held for trading
REVENUE
營業額
3,713億元 註1
OVERSEAS  
REVENUE
境外營業額
1,354億元
COUNTRIES COVERED 
BY NEW ENERGY 
VEHICLES IN 
OVERSEAS MARKETS
新能源汽車海外市場覆蓋
國家
110+
NET PROFIT 
ATTRIBUTABLE  
TO THE PARENT 
COMPANY
歸母淨利潤
155.1億元
R&D INVESTMENT
研發投入
309億元
TOTAL DOMESTIC  
TAX PAID
國內納稅總額
271億元
CASH RESERVES Note 2
現金儲備註2
1,561億元
NET CASH FLOW  
FROM OPERATING 
ACTIVITIES
經營現金流淨額
318億元
註1： 
億元=RMB1/10 billion
註2： 
現金儲蓄包括但不限於：貨幣資金、交易性金融資產
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
6
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
In the first half of 2025, China’s automobile industry continued 
to play a crucial role in driving and transforming China’s 
economic growth, serving as the driver for consumption 
recovery and the accelerator for new quality productive forces. 
Since the beginning of the year, driven by steady economic 
recovery and sustainable growth in consumer demand, the 
“two new” policies (a new round of large-scale equipment 
renewal and consumer goods trade-ins policies) and local 
subsidies have continued to take effect, and coupled with 
the accelerated adoption of electrification and intelligent 
technologies, and the continuous enrichment of new product 
offerings from companies, the automobile market continued 
the overall trend of last year, achieving a double-digit growth 
and reaching a new high. The accelerated evolution of the 
domestic market landscape had intensified competition and 
exerted a significant impact on the industry. The overseas 
market embraced prosperous development, with new energy 
vehicle exports achieving breakthroughs in growth. According 
to the statistics from the China Association of Automobile 
Manufacturers, the production and sales volume of China’s 
automobiles in the first half of 2025 amounted to 15.621 
million units and 15.653 million units, representing a year-on-
year growth of 12.5% and 11.4% respectively, hitting another 
record high. In particular, new energy vehicles in China 
continued to make dazzling achievements, with production 
and sales volume rising sharply to 6.968 million units and 
6.937 million units, representing year-on-year increases of 
41.4% and 40.3%, respectively. The sales volume of new 
energy vehicles accounted for 44.3% of the total sales volume 
of new vehicles, further consolidating the development 
momentum of new energy vehicles in China towards large-
scale expansion. According to the statistics from the China 
Passenger Car Association, the retail penetration rate of new 
energy passenger cars in China reached as high as 50.2% 
in the first half of 2025, and has remained above 50% for four 
consecutive months, marking the entry of electrification into 
the “mainstream stage”. At the same time, China’s domestic 
brands have capitalized on the rise of new energy vehicles. 
These brands have demonstrated robust growth and become 
leaders in the new energy vehicle market, driven by both 
technological innovation and intelligent applications, a more 
complete industrial chain, such continuously enhanced 
product competitiveness, and growing market recognition. 
According to the statistics from the China Association of 
Automobile Manufacturers, the market share of Chinese 
domestic brand passenger cars reached 68.5% in the first half 
of 2025, representing an increase of 6.6 percentage points 
year-on-year. The backdrop of accelerated replacement of ICE 
vehicles with new energy vehicles has led to intense market 
game, increased price competition, and frequent occurrence 
of excessive marketing, which had exerted an adverse periodic 
impact on the development of the industry. The automobile 
industry is working toward the common goal of maintaining a 
fair competitive order and promoting the healthy development 
of the industry, aiming to drive China’s automobile industry 
from the stage of scale expansion to the stage of high-quality 
development.
二零二五年上半年，中國汽車產業對中國經
濟增長繼續扮演著重要的驅動力和轉型角
色，既是消費回暖的引擎，也是新質生產力
的加速器。年初開始，在穩健復甦的經濟
環境和持續恢復的消費需求推動下，「兩新」
政策（新一輪大規模設備更新和消費品以舊
換新政策）及地方補貼持續發力，加上電動
化、智能化技術加速落地，企業新品供給持
續豐富，帶動汽車市場延續去年總體態勢，
產銷實現兩位數增長，再上台階。國內市場
格局加速演變，推升競爭烈度並對產業造成
衝擊；海外市場方興未艾，新能源汽車出口
實現突破性增長。根據中國汽車工業協會的
數據，二零二五年上半年中國汽車產銷分別
達到1,562.1萬輛和1,565.3萬輛，同比分別
增長12.5%及11.4%，產銷量再創新高。其
中，中國新能源汽車表現持續亮眼，產銷直
線上升，分別達696.8萬輛和693.7萬輛，同
比分別增長41.4%和40.3%，新能源汽車新
車銷量達到汽車新車總銷量的44.3%，鞏固
了中國新能源汽車規模化的勢頭。據中國汽
車流通協會乘聯分會的數據顯示，二零二五
年上半年中國新能源乘用車零售滲透率高達
50.2%，且連續四個月突破50%，標誌著電
動化進程邁入「主流階段」。同時，中國自主
品牌搭乘新能源崛起的浪潮，憑藉科技創新
與智能化應用雙重驅動，並依托更完整的產
業鏈，不斷提升產品競爭力與市場認同度，
發展強勢，領跑新能源汽車市場。根據中國
汽車工業協會的數據，二零二五年上半年中
國自主品牌乘用車的市場份額達到68.5%，
同比增長6.6個百分點。在新老交替進程加快
的大背景下，市場博弈異常激烈、價格競爭
加劇、營銷過度現象頻發，產業發展面臨階
段性不利影響。汽車行業正以維護公平競爭
秩序、促進行業健康發展為目標共識，推動
中國汽車產業從規模擴張階段邁向高質量發
展階段。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
7
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
Due to the synergistic effects of technology, scale, 
industrialization advantages and overseas demand in China’s 
new energy vehicle sector, more and more Chinese new 
energy vehicle products are expanding into global market, with 
growing recognition overseas. According to the statistics from 
the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, China’s 
auto exports increased to 3.083 million units in the first half of 
2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.4%. Notably, 
exports of China’s new energy vehicles continued to achieve 
breakthrough, reaching 1.06 million units, representing a 
year-on-year increase of 75.2%. The globalization initiatives 
of China’s automakers are not merely about product exports. 
More importantly, these enterprises aim to build value 
ecosystems overseas, driving the transformation of China’s 
automobile industry from “world’s factory” to “global innovator”.
The development of new energy vehicle industry has become 
a strategic cornerstone for China’s transformation from a 
major automobile country to a leading automobile power. 
This initiative not only demonstrates China’s commitment to 
industrial transformation and upgrade, but also contributes 
new momentum to global green transportation and low-carbon 
transformation. In the first half of 2025, amid the accelerating 
development of new energy vehicles nationwide, the Chinese 
government formulated and implemented a series of policies 
favorable to the industry in a timely manner to continuously 
facilitate the high-quality development of new energy vehicles 
and intelligent vehicles, and release the consumption 
potential of new energy vehicles in counties and townships, 
thereby effectively supporting vehicle sales. In January, 
the National Development and Reform Commission and the 
Ministry of Finance issued the Notice on Strengthening and 
Expanding the Implementation of the Large-Scale Equipment 
Replacement and Consumer Goods Trade-in in 2025 (《關
於2025年加力擴圍實施大規模設備更新和消費品以舊換新政
策的通知》), which aims to promote high-quality economic 
development, optimize economic structure, and achieve 
green and low-carbon transformation by increasing policy 
support, enhancing the support of ultra-long-term special 
treasury bonds, intensifying equipment upgrades, expanding 
support for consumer goods replacement, and accelerating 
improvements in recycling utilization levels. In the same month, 
the General Office of eight ministries, including the Ministry 
of Commerce, jointly issued the Notice on Launching a Pilot 
Reform of Automobile Circulation and Consumption (《關於開
展汽車流通消費改革試點工作的通知》), which proposes that a 
pilot reform of automobile circulation and consumption will be 
carried out during the period from 2025 to 2027 to stabilize and 
expand automobile consumption, promote efficient circulation 
伴隨著中國新能源汽車的技術、規模、產業
化優勢及海外需求的雙向共振，中國製造的
新能源汽車產品越來越多走出國門，在海外
的認可度持續提升。根據中國汽車工業協會
數據，二零二五年上半年中國汽車出口量升
至308.3萬輛，同比增長達10.4%。其中，中
國新能源汽車出口繼續實現突破性增長，達
106萬輛，同比增長75.2%。中國車企出海不
僅僅是產品輸出，更重要的是要在海外構建
價值生態，推動中國汽車從「世界工廠」向「全
球創新者」躍遷。
發展新能源汽車已成為我國從汽車製造大國
邁向汽車強國的戰略支點，不僅彰顯產業轉
型升級的決心，也為全球綠色交通和低碳轉
型注入新動能。二零二五年上半年，在中國
新能源汽車提速發展的態勢下，中國政府適
時制定並實施一系列行業利好政策，助力持
續推動新能源汽車及智能汽車的高品質發
展，促進新能源汽車在縣鄉區域消費潛力的
釋放，並有效支撐了車市銷量。一月，發
改委、財政部發佈《關於2025年加力擴圍實
施大規模設備更新和消費品以舊換新政策
的通知》，通過加大政策支持力度，增加超
長期特別國債的支持，加力推進設備更新，
擴圍支持消費品以舊換新，加快提升回收循
環利用水平等，從而促進經濟高質量發展，
實現經濟結構優化和綠色低碳轉型。同月，
商務部等八部門辦公廳印發《關於開展汽車
流通消費改革試點工作的通知》，將於二零
二五年至二零二七年開展汽車流通消費改革
試點工作，以穩定和擴大汽車消費、促進二
手車高效流通、營造汽車文化氛圍。二月，
工業和信息化部、市場監管總局發佈《關於
進一步加強智能網聯汽車產品准入、召回及
軟件在線升級管理的通知》，為健全完善智
能網聯汽車安全管理體系，有序發展技術、
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
8
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
of used vehicles, and cultivate the environment of automobile 
culture. In February, the Ministry of Industry and Information 
Technology and the State Administration for Market Regulation 
issued the Circular on Further Strengthening the Admission, 
Recall, and Online Software Update Management for Intelligent 
Connected Vehicles (《關於進一步加強智能網聯汽車產品准
入、召回及軟件在線升級管理的通知》), formulating regulations 
to improve the safety management system for intelligent 
connected vehicles and promote the orderly development of 
technological, model, and product innovation and application. 
In March, the General Office of the Communist Party of China 
Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council 
issued the Special Action Plan for Boosting Consumption 
(《提振消費專項行動方案》), supporting local governments 
in further promoting consumer goods trade-ins, promoting 
green and intelligent upgrading of durable consumer goods 
such as automobiles, actively extending the automobile 
consumption industrial chain, and expanding the automobile 
aftermarket consumption. In the same month, the mandatory 
national standard Electric Vehicles Traction Battery Safety 
Requirements (《電動汽車用動力蓄電池安全要求》) (GB 38031-
2025), formulated by the Ministry of Industry and Information 
Technology, was approved and published by the State 
Administration for Market Regulation and the Standardization 
Administration of China, and will take effect on 1 July 2026. 
This standard will help ensure the safety of consumers’ lives 
and property, promote the application of advanced safety 
technologies, support high-quality industrial development, 
and strengthen global economic and trade cooperation. In 
the second quarter, the government introduced a series of 
measures targeting the weak market for new energy vehicle 
consumption. In April, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry 
of Industry and Information Technology, and the Ministry of 
Transport announced the launch of the 2024-2026 County-
Level Charging and Battery Swapping Facilities Enhancement 
Pilot Program (《2024-2026年縣域充換電設施補短板試點工
作》), which includes the “100 Counties, 1,000 Stations, 10,000 
Charging Piles” pilot program to strengthen the planning and 
construction of new energy vehicle charging and battery 
模式和產品的創新與推廣應用提供了規範。
三月，中共中央辦公廳、國務院辦公廳印發
《提振消費專項行動方案》，支持地方加力
推進消費品以舊換新，推動汽車等大宗耐用
消費品綠色化、智能化升級，並積極延伸汽
車消費產業鏈、拓展汽車後市場消費。同
月，工業和信息化部組織制定的強制性國家
標準《電動汽車用動力蓄電池安全要求》
（GB 
38031–2025）由國家市場監督管理總局、國
家標準化管理委員會批准發佈，將於二零二
六年七月一日起開始實施，該標準有利於保
障消費者生命財產安全、助力先進安全技
術應用、支撐產業高質量發展、加強全球範
圍經貿合作。二季度，政府圍繞新能源汽車
消費的薄弱市場推出系列舉措。四月，財政
部、工業和信息化部、交通運輸部宣佈將開
展《2024–2026年縣域充換電設施補短板試
點工作》，開展「百縣千站萬樁」試點工程，
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
9
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
swapping facilities in key villages and townships. In June, 
multiple national ministries jointly launched and executed 
the 2025 New Energy Vehicles to the Countryside Campaign 
(《2025年新能源汽車下鄉活動》). The Ministry of Commerce 
issued the Notice on the 2025 New Energy Vehicle Promotion 
Season for Thousands of Counties and Towns (《2025年千縣
萬鎮新能源汽車消費季活動的通知》), selecting and promoting 
high-quality new energy vehicle models that meet the needs 
of counties and towns. This initiative integrates charging and 
battery swapping services and financial support services to 
improve the local environment for purchasing and using new 
energy vehicles, thereby facilitating the widespread adoption 
of new energy vehicles. 
In terms of rechargeable batteries, in the first half of 2025, 
the consumer electronics industry was under pressure due to 
economic uncertainty and weak consumption. However, the 
global digital transformation, the exponential development 
of artificial intelligence, and China’s “state subsidy” policy to 
stimulate the end consumer market have driven a structural 
recovery in product categories such as smartphones and 
tablets, and maintained market stability. In terms of energy 
storage, with further policy support from many countries around 
the world as well as the ongoing in-depth transformation of 
energy structures, renewable energy technologies continued to 
undergo innovation and breakthroughs, thereby driving rapid 
growth in energy storage demand and market expansion. As 
for the photovoltaic industry, global photovoltaic installation 
capacity maintained steady growth in the first half of 2025, with 
continuous expansion in the scale of the industry. Optimization 
of the global supply chain has led to gradually stabilizing 
end-product prices and improved profitability. However, the 
industry still faced certain competitive pressures amid periodic 
overcapacity.
加強重點村鎮新能源汽車充換電設施規劃建
設。六月，國家多部門聯合開展的《2025年
新能源汽車下鄉活動》正式實施，商務部發佈
《2025年千縣萬鎮新能源汽車消費季活動的
通知》，選取並推廣滿足縣鄉地區需求的優
質新能源車型，協同充換電服務、金融配套
服務，完善當地新能源汽車購買使用環境，
助力新能源汽車落地生根。
二次充電電池方面，二零二五年上半年，受
經濟不確定性及消費疲弱影響，消費電子行
業面臨壓力。但受益於全球數字化轉型、人
工智能爆發，以及中國「國補」政策對終端消
費市場的激活，帶動手機、平板等品類結構
性復甦，市場維持穩定。儲能方面，隨著全
球多國進一步完善政策支持及能源結構持續
深度轉型，可再生能源技術持續創新突破，
儲能需求保持快速增長，市場規模持續擴
大。光伏方面，二零二五年上半年全球光伏
裝機量保持穩健增長，產業規模不斷提升，
由於全球供應鏈優化，終端產品價格漸趨穩
定，盈利能力有所改善，但在階段性供給過
剩下行業仍面臨一定的競爭壓力。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
10
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
1.2 
Handset Components and Assembly Business
The overall demand in the consumer electronics market 
was under pressure amid global economic uncertainty 
and weakened consumer confidence. Global smartphone 
shipments rose just 0.1% year-on-year to 586 million 
units in the first half of 2025, according to statistics of the 
market researcher Canalys. In the first half of 2025, China’s 
smartphone market size increased by 0.4% year-on-year to 
139 million units, yet in the second quarter, market growth rate 
slowed down by a 4% decline year-on-year. The integration of 
AI, 5G communications, Internet of Things and other emerging 
technologies is rapidly expanding application scenarios for 
next-generation smart devices, and evolving user demands 
are persistently propelling growth of the new intelligent product 
market. Serving as the pillar of digital transformation and the 
computational cornerstone of the intelligent era, AI data centers 
deliver massive computing power for large-scale AI model 
training and inference. Hyper-scale data center operators and 
cloud service providers are making unprecedented capital 
investments to promote next-generation AI advancement, 
and the explosive demands for AI infrastructure across the 
world are driving rapid market expansion for AI data center 
equipment, including AI servers, thermal management and 
power management systems. IDC forecasts that servers with 
embedded GPU will achieve 46.7% year-on-year growth in 
2025, accounting for nearly 50% of the total value of global 
server market. MarketsandMarkets projects that the value of 
global AI data center market will reach US$236.44 billion in 
2025, indicating a year-on-year growth of 40.9%.
1.2 
手機部件及組裝業務
受全球經濟不明朗及消費信心疲弱影響，消
費電子市場整體需求承壓。根據市場研究機
構Canalys的統計，二零二五年上半年，全
球智能手機出貨量僅同比上升0.1%至5.86
億部。中國智能手機市場在二零二五年上半
年同比上漲0.4%至1.39億部，其中第二季
度同比下跌4%。AI、5G通信和物聯網等新
興技術的融合，迅速拓寬下一代智能產品的
應用場景，不斷升級的用戶需求持續驅動
新型智能產品市場發展。作為數字化轉型
的核心與智能時代的算力基石，AI數據中心
為大規模AI模型訓練和推理提供強大算力。
超大規模數據中心和雲服務供應商正以前
所未有的規模投入巨資，以支撐下一代AI發
展，全球AI基礎設施的爆炸性需求帶動AI服
務器、熱管理、電源管理等AI數據中心設備
的市場迅速擴張。IDC預計，二零二五年具
備嵌入式GPU的服務器將按年增長46.7%，
將佔據接近50%的全球服務器市場總價值。
MarketsandMarkets預測，二零二五年全球
AI數據中心市場規模達2,364.4億美元，同比
增長40.9%。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
11
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
2. 
BUSINESS REVIEW
BYD Company Limited (“BYD” or “the Company”, together 
with its subsidiaries, “the Group”) is principally engaged in 
the automobile business which mainly includes new energy 
vehicles, handset components and assembly business, 
rechargeable batteries and photovoltaic business. Meanwhile, 
with its technological superiority, the Group actively develops 
urban rail transportation and other business segments. 
In the first half of 2025, the Group recorded a revenue of 
approximately RMB371,281 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of 23.30%, among which, the revenue from 
the automobiles and related products, and other products 
amounted to approximately RMB302,506 million, representing a 
year-on-year increase of 32.49%; the revenue from the handset 
components, assembly service and other products amounted 
to approximately RMB68,744 million, representing a year-on-
year decrease of 5.54%. These business segments accounted 
for 81.48% and 18.51% of the Group’s total revenue, 
respectively. In the first half of 2025, the Group invested 
approximately RMB30,880 million in R&D , representing a year-
on-year increase of 53.05%, and net profit attributable to the 
shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB15,510 
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.79%.
The Group steadfastly adheres to the “technology-based, 
innovation-oriented” development philosophy, taking it as 
our mission to lead independent innovation among Chinese 
brands. With the engineer spirit of “Dare to Think, Dare to Act, 
Dare to Persevere” and an ever-growing R&D team, the Group 
has achieved continuous innovation across multiple fields, 
including batteries, electronics and new energy vehicles, 
leading industry development in a comprehensive way. The 
Group has broken the long-standing monopolies of overseas 
brands and promoted the reshaping of the global market 
landscape, showcasing the new heights of the intelligent 
manufacturing in China. Taking innovation as its core growth 
driver, the Group consistently introduces a series of original 
and disruptive technologies and products. The Group remains 
committed to advancing global green and sustainable 
development, striving to grow by addressing social problems 
as it marches resolutely toward the goal of becoming a world-
class brand.
2. 
業務回顧
比亞迪股份有限公司（「比亞迪」或「本公司」
及其附屬公司統稱「本集團」）主要經營包括
以新能源汽車為主的汽車業務、手機部件及
組裝業務、二次充電電池及光伏業務，並積
極利用自身技術優勢拓展城市軌道交通及
其他業務。二零二五年上半年，本集團實
現收入約人民幣371,281百萬元，同比增長
23.30%，其中汽車、汽車相關產品及其他
產品業務的收入約人民幣302,506百萬元，
同比增長32.49%；手機部件、組裝及其他
產品業務的收入約人民幣68,744百萬元，
同比降低5.54%；佔本集團總收入的比例分
別為81.48%和18.51%；研發投入約人民幣
30,880百萬元，同比增長53.05%；歸屬於
上市公司股東的淨利潤約人民幣15,510百萬
元，同比增長13.79%。
本集團堅守「技術為王、創新為本」的發展理
念不動搖，以引領中國品牌自主創新為己
任，憑藉「敢想、敢幹、敢堅持」的工程師精
神及不斷壯大的研發團隊，成功在電池、電
子及新能源汽車等多個領域持續創新，全面
引領行業發展，打破海外品牌長期壟斷，更
推動全球市場格局重塑，展現中國智造的嶄
新高度。本集團以創新為核心驅動力，持續
不斷地推出一系列具有原創性、顛覆性的技
術和產品，堅定不移地推動全球綠色可持續
發展，致力於在解決社會問題的過程中發展
自己，向世界級品牌目標篤定前行。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
12
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
To better support business growth, deepen global layout and 
share operating results with shareholders and employees, 
thereby achieving the goal of becoming a world-class brand, 
in March, the Group completed an H-share accelerated 
bookbuild offering, raising USD5.6 billion, making it the largest 
accelerated bookbuild offering in the history of the global 
automotive industry. The transaction successfully attracted 
participation from top-notch long-onlys, sovereign wealth 
funds, and Middle East strategic investors, with orderbook 
multiple times covered, underscoring global investors’ firm 
belief in the Group’s growth prospects and enabling the 
Group to seize historic development opportunities. In April, the 
2025 Employee Share Ownership Plan was considered and 
approved with no more than 25,000 employees involved and a 
total amount of subscription funds of no more than RMB4,100 
million. The scheme will be unlocked in three tranches, which 
will further improve its long-term and effective incentive 
mechanism, enhance operational efficiency and drive better 
operating performance. In June, the 2024 Profit Distribution 
and Capital Reserve Capitalization Plan was approved at 
the general meeting with distribution of a cash dividend of 
RMB39.74 per 10 shares (including tax) to all shareholders, 
issue of 8 bonus shares for every 10 shares in issue and issue 
of twelve (12) capitalization shares for every 10 shares in issue 
by way of capitalization of capital reserve. The plan was to 
share the development achievements of the Group with its 
shareholders and effectively lower the investment threshold 
and improve the liquidity of its shares. In addition, during the 
Period, the Group was included as a constituent stock of the 
Hang Seng TECH Index, with a weighting of 8%. This reflected 
the full recognition by the authoritative index compiler of the 
Group’s technical strength and intelligent capabilities.
為更好地助力業務發展、深化全球化佈局、
向股東和員工共享經營成果以實現成為世界
級品牌的目標，三月，本集團完成H股閃電
配售56億美元，成為全球汽車行業有史以
來規模最大的閃電配售項目，成功吸引了全
球眾多頂級長線、主權基金、中東戰略投資
人在內的投資者參與，認購訂單多倍覆蓋，
充分彰顯了全球投資人對本集團發展前景的
堅定看好，也助力本集團緊抓歷史性發展機
遇；四月，本集團審議通過了《2025年員工
持股計劃》，涉及不超過2.5萬名員工，資金
總額不超過人民幣41億元，計劃分三期解
鎖，將進一步健全本集團長期、有效的激勵
機制，有效提高經營效率並改善經營成果；
六月，本集團於股東大會通過《2024年度利
潤分配及資本公積金轉增股本方案》，向全
體股東每10股派發現金紅利人民幣39.74元
（含稅），每10股送紅股8股，以資本公積金
每10股轉增12股，與股東共享發展成果，
並有效降低投資門檻，提升股票流動性。此
外，本集團於期內獲納入恒生科技指數成分
股，比重達8%，體現了權威指數編製機構對
本集團科技實力及智能化的充分認可。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
13
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
2.1 
Automobiles and Batteries Business
As a pioneer and leader in the global new energy vehicle 
industry, relying on its precise strategic layout, leading 
technical strength, forward-looking market insights and 
well-developed industrial system, the Group once again 
secured the title of sales championship among automotive 
enterprises and the top-selling brand in China’s automotive 
market and the top seller in the global new energy vehicle 
market. During the Period, the global expansion of the 
Group’s automobiles business achieved fruitful results with 
exponential growth. Breakthroughs were made in the premium 
brand strategy, setting new benchmarks for homegrown 
automakers. Continuous innovation in the mass market has 
further consolidated the leadership position of the Group, 
creating opportunities for the Chinese automobile industry to 
enter into new international markets. According to data from 
the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, in the 
first half of 2025, the sales volume of the Group’s new energy 
vehicles achieved a year-on-year growth of over 33.0%, further 
strengthening its leading position in the new energy vehicle 
industry. The Group’s overall market share in the automotive 
industry also rose by 2.2 percentage points year-on-year to 
13.7%, leading new energy vehicles to become an increasingly 
dominant force in the mainstream automotive market. The 
Group also ranked second among complete vehicle exporters 
in the first half of the year and recorded the fastest growth 
rate among the top 10 complete vehicle exporters, with export 
volume surging by130% year-on-year.
2.1 
汽車及電池業務
本集團作為全球新能源汽車行業先行者和領
導者，憑藉精準的戰略佈局、領先的技術實
力、前瞻的市場洞察、完善的產業體系，蟬
聯中國市場車企、品牌銷量冠軍，蟬聯全球
新能源汽車市場銷量冠軍。期內，本集團汽
車業務出海全面開花，實現跨越式增長；品
牌高端化破局突圍，樹立自主品牌新高度；
大眾市場推陳出新，市場引領者地位進一步
夯實，為中國汽車產業打開了新的市場窗
口和國際化機遇。根據中汽協會數據，二零
二五年上半年本集團新能源汽車銷量同比
增長超33.0%，新能源汽車龍頭地位穩固；
汽車全市場市佔率亦同比增長2.2個百分點
至13.7%，帶領新能源汽車進一步成為汽車
市場主流；本集團亦位列上半年整車出口企
業第二，且在前十大整車出口企業中增速最
快，同比增長1.3倍。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
14
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
During the Period, competition in China’s automotive industry 
intensified to a fever pitch, with industry malpractices such 
as “one-price policy” and “excessive marketing” emerging 
which intensified competition, severely disrupted normal 
business order and hindered the progress of high-quality 
industrial development. As a leading domestic automaker, 
the Group actively fulfilled its corporate social responsibility 
by resolutely upholding a fair and orderly market environment 
and safeguarding the fundamental interests of consumers. The 
Group remains committed to achieving long-term sustainable 
development centered on premiumization, intelligence 
and globalization through technical upgrades, efficiency 
improvements and economies of scale, contributing to the 
steady and enduring progress of the automotive industry. In 
addition, the Group continued to deepen the collaboration with 
upstream and downstream partners across the industrial chain, 
actively promoted the efficient collaboration of multi-sector and 
multi-process, and further optimized credit period and channel 
management, so as to proactively foster a mutually beneficial 
situation with suppliers, dealers and other stakeholders. The 
turnover days of the trade payables and bills payables of the 
Group were at low level in the automotive industry and further 
declined during the reporting period as compared to the same 
period in 2024. This demonstrates the Group’s commitment to 
responsibility as an industry leader with concrete actions, and 
contributed to the stable and sustainable development of the 
industrial cluster.
Committed to independent innovation to guide the 
development, and promoting the transformation of core 
industrial technologies
In the area of electrification – In March, the Group unveiled 
the “Super e-Platform”, the world’s first mass-produced full-
domain kilovolt high-voltage architecture for passenger 
vehicles. The platform has upgraded its 3 core electric 
components, featuring “flash-charging battery” with a 
charging rate of 10C, the world’s first mass-produced 30,000-
rpm electric motor and a new generation of automotive-
grade silicon carbide power chips, leading the development 
trend of pure electric technology platforms around the world. 
Meanwhile, the Group has announced plans to construct 
megawatt-level flash-charging stations across China through 
both self-built projects and collaboration, completing the final 
piece of the megawatt charging ecosystem and addressing 
the pain points of pure electric vehicle energy replenishment. 
Powered by ultra-high voltage (1,000V) and ultra-high current 
(1,000A), the “flash-charging battery” achieves the world’s 
highest mass-produced charging power of 1 megawatt (1,000 
kW), a peak charging speed of “2 kilometers per second” and 
a charging effect of “5 minutes of charging for 400 kilometers 
of range.” This transforms the paradigm from “waiting for the 
car to charge” to “the car waiting for the user”, offering an 
unparalleled charging experience for users and ushering in a 
new era of “charging as fast as refueling”.
期內，中國汽車行業競爭進入白熱化階段，
出現「一口價」、「過度營銷」等行業亂象，競
爭愈演愈烈，極大地擾亂正常的商業秩序，
阻礙產業高質量發展進程。作為國內龍頭車
企，本集團積極履行企業社會責任，堅決維
護公平有序的市場環境，切實保障消費者的
根本利益，堅持通過技術升級、效率提升及
規模效應實現以高端化、智能化與全球化為
核心的長期可持續發展，助力汽車行業行穩
致遠。此外，本集團持續加深與產業鏈上下
游的協同，積極推動多部門、多環節高效協
同，進一步優化賬期管理及渠道管理，積極
營造與供應商、經銷商等各方互利共贏局
面。本集團應付賬款及應付票據周轉天數處
於汽車行業較低水平，且本報告期與二零二
四年同期相比進一步下降，以實際行動詮釋
了行業領軍者的責任與擔當，促進了產業集
群的穩定可持續發展。
堅持自主創新引領行業發展，推動產業核心
技術變革 
電動化領域—三月，本集團發佈全球首個
量產的乘用車全域千伏高壓架構–「超級e平
台」，核心三電全維升級，推出10C充電倍
率「閃充電池」、全球首款量產3萬轉電機和
全新一代車規級碳化硅功率芯片，引領全球
純電技術平台的發展趨勢。同時，本集團宣
佈將通過自建及合作的方式在中國各地建
設兆瓦閃充站，補齊兆瓦充電生態的最後一
環，解決純電動汽車補能痛點。「閃充電池」
在超高電壓1,000V和超大電流1,000A的加
持下，可以做到全球量產最大充電功率1兆
瓦（1,000kW），實現「1秒2公里」的峰值充電
速度和「閃充5分鐘，暢行400公里」的充電效
果，讓「人等車」變為「車等人」，為用戶帶來
極致的充電體驗，開啟「油電同速」新時代。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
15
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
In the area of intelligence – In February, the Group rigorously 
implemented its “Integrated Vehicle Intelligence” strategy 
through establishing the “God’s Eye” technology matrix and 
announced the heavyweight strategy of “Intelligent Driving 
for All” to equip its entire vehicle lineup with advanced 
intelligent driving technology. With the largest vehicle cloud 
database in China, the world’s largest team of engineers, 
and the largest production base of new energy vehicles, the 
Group brings advanced intelligent driving to models priced 
below RMB100,000, accelerating the widespread application 
of advanced intelligent driving and making cutting-edge 
technology accessible to all. Moreover, owing to the rapid 
accumulation of data driven by economies of scale, the 
algorithm of the “God’s Eye” iterates faster, delivering a driving 
experience that improves with every mile and enhances safety 
with every use. By the end of May 2025, the Group has sold 
over 710,000 intelligent driving-equipped vehicles, generating 
more than 44 million kilometers of intelligent driving data 
daily. Embracing an open and inclusive approach, the Group 
is building an “intelligent vehicle +” ecosystem with partners 
across various industries with vehicles at the core. In March, 
the Group partnered with DJI to launch “LING YUAN”, an 
intelligent vehicle-mounted drone system, featuring one-touch 
automatic takeoff/landing, intelligent obstacle avoidance and 
precise recovery. The system is suitable for diverse scenarios 
such as recording, terrain exploration and emergency rescue, 
and drives the industrialization and large-scale development of 
the intelligent vehicle-mounted drone system.
Technological depth forging brand strength, contributing 
to the building of  a world-class brand
In the field of new energy passenger vehicles, relying on 
the innovation and repeated iteration of core technologies 
and precise insights into consumer demands, the Group 
continued to deepen the multi-brand gradient layout consisting 
of “BYD”, “FANGCHENGBAO”, “Denza” and “Yangwang”, 
comprehensively covering markets from home to luxury, and 
from mass to personalized segments, better satisfying the 
automobile needs of users in all scenarios. In the first half of 
2025, with the continuous improvement of the Group’s product 
matrix and further upgrades in functional configurations, all 
brands worked together to drive rapid growth in the sales 
of the Group. Furthermore, in addition to empowering core 
technologies, the Group also intensified brand marketing, 
optimized channel management and incorporated consumer 
feedback, striving to enhance the recognition and reputation of 
its brands.
智能化領域—二月，本集團切實落實「整車
智能」戰略，構建起「天神之眼」技術矩陣，
重磅發佈「全民智駕」戰略，旗下全系車型將
搭載高階智駕技術。憑藉中國最大的車雲數
據庫、全球最大的工程師團隊和全球最大規
模的新能源汽車生產製造基地三大優勢，本
集團將高階智駕帶入10萬級以內車型，加速
高階智駕普及，讓好技術人人可享。此外，
通過規模優勢驅動數據快速積累，「天神之
眼」算法加速迭代，實現越開越好開，越用
越安全。截至二零二五年五月底，本集團智
駕車型累銷超71萬輛，每天智駕數據生成
超4,400萬公里。本集團秉承開放、包容的
態度，以車為核心，與不同領域的夥伴共同
打造「智能車+」的生態。三月，本集團攜手
大疆發佈智能車載無人機系統「靈鳶」，支持
一鍵自動起降、智能避障與精確回收，適用
於拍攝記錄、地形探勘、緊急救援等多元場
景，推動智能車載無人機系統的產業化和規
模化發展。
技術深度鑄就品牌高度，助力打造世界級
品牌
新能源乘用車領域，依託於核心技術的創新
與迭代以及對消費者需求的精準洞察，本集
團持續深化由「比亞迪」、「方程豹」、「騰勢」
及「仰望」所構建的多品牌梯度佈局，全面覆
蓋家用到豪華、大眾到個性化市場，更好地
滿足用戶多元、全場景用車需求。二零二五
年上半年，隨著本集團產品矩陣持續完善、
功能配置進一步升級，各品牌攜手並進，推
動本集團銷量快速增長。此外，本集團在核
心技術賦能之外，亦加大品牌營銷、優化渠
道管理、吸納消費者建議，致力於提升旗下
各品牌知名度、美譽度。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
16
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
“BYD” Brand:
The “Dynasty” and “Ocean” series together build the Group’s 
first passenger vehicle brand, the “BYD” brand. Embracing 
the “Loong Face Aesthetics”, the “Dynasty” series deeply 
integrates Chinese culture with modern aesthetics and 
positions itself as “mainstream, premium and neo-Chinese 
chic”, with new models of “Xia”, “Qin L EV”, “Han L” and 
“Tang L” launched successively in the Period. Featuring the 
“Ocean Aesthetics”, the “Ocean” series presents a perfect 
combination of natural inspiration with technological aesthetics 
and positions itself as “youthful, technologically sophisticated 
and personalized”, with new models of “SEALION 05 EV”, 
“SEALION 07 DM-i” and “Seal 06 EV” launched successively 
in the Period. With these two series empowered by core 
technologies including the “God’s Eye” and the “Super 
e-Platform”, the “BYD” brand matrix continues to evolve 
and iterate, offering more premium products for consumers 
to choose and facilitating faster penetration of new energy 
vehicles in the mainstream market. 
「比亞迪」品牌：
「王朝」和「海洋」兩大系列產品共同構建了本
集團首個乘用車品牌「比亞迪」品牌。「王朝」
產品採用「龍顏美學」的設計語言，深度融合
中國文化與現代美學，定位「主流、品質、新
國潮」，期內陸續推出「夏」、「秦L EV」、「漢
L」和「唐L」等全新車型。「海洋」產品採用「海
洋美學」設計語言，將自然意象與科技美學深
度融合，定位「年輕、科技、個性化」，同期
陸續推出「海獅05EV」、「海獅07DM–i」及「海
豹06EV」等全新車型。兩大系列產品依托「天
神之眼」及「超級e平台」等核心技術賦能，「比
亞迪」品牌矩陣持續升級迭代，不僅為消費者
提供更多的優質產品選擇，更助力新能源汽
車在主流大眾市場的加速滲透。
“Xia”: Medium/large plug-in hybrid electric MPV
「夏」：中大型插混MPV
Officially launched in January, “Xia” is BYD’s first medium/
large MPV equipped with the “DM 5.0” that comes standard 
with the “God’s Eye C”. Its safety standards have passed 
the authoritative certifications of both the latest version 
of C-NCAP five-star safety standards and C-IASI “G” 
standard. “Xia” adopts Huaxia Loong Face aesthetics and 
the Dynasty’s new generation of interior design, offering a 
spacious, versatile cabin along with a luxurious, tech-savvy 
smart cockpit. With a stunning sales volume of over 10,000 
units in its first month on the market, “Xia” is now leading 
the trend among medium/large intelligent plug-in hybrid 
MPVs.
一月正式上市，是首款搭載「第五代D M技術」的中大型
MPV，標配「天神之眼C」；在安全標準上，更是獲得新版C–
NCAP五星安全、C–IASI優秀兩項權威認證；外觀上採用華
夏龍顏美學和王朝新一代內飾設計語言，擁有寬奢百變大空
間、豪華科技智享座艙，全面引領中大型智能插混MPV新趨
勢，上市首月即熱銷過萬。
“Xia”
「夏」
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
17
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
“Qin L EV”: A+ class battery electric sedan
「秦L EV」：A+級純電轎車
Officially launched in March, “Qin L EV” was built entirely 
on the new “e-Platform 3.0 Evo”, and the entire lineup 
comes standard with the “God’s Eye C” and “DiLink 
100” intelligent cockpit, outpacing its rivals in terms of 
intelligence. Its suspension comes standard with a Double-
Ball-Joint MacPherson Independent Suspension in the 
front and a Five-Link Independent Suspension in the 
rear, offering excellent handling. In terms of appearance, 
“Qin L EV” adopts the Dynasty’s new generation of Loong 
Face aesthetic design concept, featuring a long front and 
a short rear in golden proportions, full of dynamic appeal. 
Its cabin is equipped with a class-exclusive integrated 
smart cooling and heating refrigerator, and a 2+1 screen 
combo, providing seamless interaction and technological 
charm. The wide, cloud-like seats offer comfortable resting 
experience over extended periods, with ventilation, heating, 
and seat memory functions all included. With its class-
leading comprehensive strength, “Qin L EV” sold over 
10,000 units in its first week on the market.
三月正式上市，基於「e平台3.0 Evo」全新打造，全系標配
「天神之眼C」和「DiLink 100」智能座艙，智能化同級領先；
懸架採用前雙球頭麥弗遜獨立懸架+後五連桿獨立懸架，操
控優異；外觀上採用王朝全新一代Loong Face龍顏美學設
計理念，長車頭、短車尾的黃金比例，極富動感；座艙配置
上擁有同級唯一的一體式智能冷暖冰箱，2+1屏幕組合全局
交互盡顯科技魅力，寬舒雲感座椅久坐不累，通風加熱記憶
功能一應俱全。「秦L EV」憑藉同級領先的綜合實力，上市首
周即銷量破萬。
“Qin L EV”
「秦L EV」
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
18
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
“SEALION 05 EV”: A-class battery electric SUV
「海獅05EV」：A級純電SUV
Officially launched in March, “SEALION 05 EV” was built on 
the “e-Platform 3.0 Evo” and based on the new generation 
of CTB safety architecture. It features three major safety 
sub-architectures: a main rear-drive structure, a front-
positioned steering power transmission structure, and 
the world’s first internal-skeleton CTB safety architecture, 
possessing hardcore safety standards which is one 
generation ahead. The entire lineup comes standard with 
the “God’s Eye C” and “DiLink 100” intelligent cockpit, 
leading its class in intelligence. The suspension is equipped 
with a MacPherson in the front and five-link independent 
suspension in the rear, capable of a 4.65m turning radius 
which is the smallest in its class. With five prominent 
advantages, i.e. appearance, intelligence, safety, comfort, 
and driving control as well as over 100 core standard 
features, “SEALION 05 EV” leads the new energy SUV 
market, bringing its users a comprehensively-upgraded 
intelligent and electric travel experience, for which it was 
honored as the recommended model of compact new 
energy SUV by the China Automotive Consumer Research 
and Testing Center (CCRT).
三月正式上市，依託「e平台3.0 Evo」，以全新一代CTB整車
安全架構為基石，具備主後驅安全動力架構、轉向前置安全
傳力架構以及全球首創內骨骼式CTB安全架構三大安全子架
構，擁有領先一代的硬核安全標準；全系標配「天神之眼C」
和「DiLink 100」智能座艙，智能化同級領先；懸架採用前
麥弗遜+後五連桿獨立懸架，可實現4.65m同級最小轉彎半
徑；以顏值、智能、安全、舒適、駕控五大維度優勢及超百
項核心標配引領新能源SUV市場，為用戶帶來全面躍升的智
電出行新體驗，榮獲中國汽車消費者研究與評價(CCRT)緊
湊型新能源SUV推薦車型。
“SEALION 05 EV”
「海獅05EV」
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
19
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
“Han L” and “Tang L”: C-class flagship sedan/SUV
「漢L」、「唐L」：C級旗艦轎車╱SUV
Officially launched in April, the battery electric version of 
“Han L” and “Tang L” debuted with the “Super e-Platform”, 
with its “Megawatt Flash Charging” technology bringing 
electric vehicles into the 1,000V high-voltage era, achieving 
“Fuel-Electric Speed Parity”. The plug-in hybrid version 
debuted with the fifth-generation DM technology, the 
“DM-p King Hybrid Technology”, balancing ultra-high 
efficiency with powerful performance. In addition, “Han L” 
and “Tang L” are equipped with the “God’s Eye B”, and 
come standard with lidar for the whole lineup. With dual 
innovations in both electrification and intelligence, “Han L” 
and “Tang L” offer their users with remarkable functional 
upgrades and optimized experiences. After their launch, 
“Han L” and “Tang L” reported sales volumes both 
exceeding ten thousand units for three consecutive months.
四月正式上市，純電版本首搭「超級e平台」，其「兆瓦閃充」
技術將電動車帶入千伏時代，實現「油電同速」；插混版本首
搭第五代DM技術「DM–p王者混動技術」，兼顧超高效能與超
强性能；此外，搭配「天神之眼B」，全系標配激光雷達，在
電動化及智能化的雙重革新下為用戶帶來功能升級及體驗優
化。「漢L」、「唐L」上市後連續三個月銷量雙雙破萬輛。
“Han L” and “Tang L”
「漢L」、「唐L」
“SEALION 07 DM-i”: B+ class plug-in hybrid SUV
「海獅 07 DM-i」：B+ 級插混SUV
Officially launched in May, “SEALION 07 DM-i” was built 
with the “DM 5.0”, with the entire lineup coming standard 
with the “God’s Eye” and “DiLink 100” smart cockpit, 
leading the class in electrification and intelligence. It is 
equipped with the “DiSus-C” intelligent damping body 
control system with an optional “LING YUAN” intelligent 
onboard drone, significantly enhancing the tech-savvy 
driving experience and convenience. The interior features 
class-leading second-row space, offering rich and 
thoughtful comfort configurations, aiming to create a new 
luxury five-seat haven. Thanks to its compelling product 
features, “SEALION 07 DM-i” helps the Group in securing 
its leading position in the family SUV market.
五月正式上市，依託「第五代D M 技術」，全系標配
「天神之眼」與「DiLink 100」智能座艙，電動化和智能化同
級領先；搭載「雲輦–C」智能阻尼車身控制系統，並可選裝
「靈鳶」智能車載無人機，提升駕乘科技感與便利性。車內擁
有同級領先的二排空間，豐富貼心舒適配置，打造新奢大五
座溫馨港灣，憑藉強勁的產品力，助力本集團持續引領家用
SUV市場。
“SEALION 07 DM-i”
「海獅 07 DM-i」
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
20
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
“FANGCHENGBAO” Brand:
With the “Leopard Force Aesthetics” philosophy, 
“FANGCHENGBAO” showcases the beauty of hardcore 
might, the fancy of futuristic technologies and the charm of 
limitless adaptability, and positions itself as a personalized 
new energy brand, committed to achieving “individuality and 
balance” through technology enabling. Leveraging the new 
energy technology platform and the vehicle architecture, 
“FANGCHENGBAO” engages users to explore unique driving 
experience and new lifestyles in diverse personalization 
scenarios. With further upgraded technologies and precise 
market positioning, the brand launches the new family-oriented 
hardcore “TAI” series and the first model “TAI 3” on the basis 
of success of “BAO” series, and achieved 100,000 deliveries 
in just 18 months, ranking among the top three startup brands 
boasting the fastest growth to reach the 100,000 milestone.
“Seal 06 EV”: A+ class battery electric sedan
「海豹06EV」：A+級純電轎車
Officially launched in June, “Seal 06 EV” was built on the 
“e-Platform 3.0 Evo”, with the entire lineup coming standard 
with the “God’s Eye C” and “DiLink 100” intelligent cockpit, 
leading the class in intelligence. Its suspension features a 
double-ball-joint MacPherson suspension in the front and 
a five-link independent suspension in the rear, delivering 
inherent handling performance. It is the only model in its 
class equipped with the “DiSus-C” intelligent damping 
body control system. In terms of appearance, “Seal 06 EV” 
shapes a sleek and dynamic coupe silhouette with the new 
Ocean aesthetic design, leading its class comprehensively 
in appearance, driving experience, quality, and safety, 
making it the top choice for young family users seeking a 
mainstream battery electric coupe.
六月正式上市，基於「e平台3.0 E v o」打造，全系標配
「天神之眼C」與「DiLink 100」智能座艙，智能化同級領先。
懸架採用前雙球頭麥弗遜+後五連桿獨立懸架，操控性能與
生俱來，更是同級唯一搭載「雲輦–C」智能阻尼車身控制系統
的車型。外觀上憑藉全新海洋美學設計塑造流暢動感的轎跑
身姿，以顏值、駕乘、品質、安全優勢全面領先同級，成為
年輕家庭用戶主流純電轎跑最優選。
“Seal 06 EV”
「海豹06EV」
「方程豹」品牌：
「方程豹」採用「豹力美學」的設計語言，涵蓋
硬派力量之美、未來科技之美和無限拓展之
美三大設計核心，定位新能源個性化，致力
於通過技術實現「個性平權」。依托專業新能
源技術平台與整車架構，方程豹與用戶共同
探索不同個性化場景下的獨特用車體驗及全
新生活方式。憑借持續升級的產品技術與
精準的市場定位，品牌在「豹」系列熱銷基礎
上，推出家用硬派全新系列 – 「鈦」系列及首
款車型「鈦3」，僅用十八個月便達成10萬台
交付，躋身交付最快破10萬台的新勢力品牌
前三。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
21
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
“Denza” Brand:
Embracing the “Aura of Elegance” as core design philosophy, 
Denza positions itself as new luxury benchmark of tech-infused 
safety. As the world’s first luxury new energy automotive brand 
covering MPVs, SUVs, sedans and sports cars, the “Denza” 
brand is steadily advancing its penetration in the high-end 
market while consolidating its position in the luxury new energy 
car market. During the Period, “Denza D9” continued to render 
brilliant sales results, securing the top spot in MPV market 
for the first half of 2025, and becoming the world’s first new 
energy MPV with cumulative sales exceeding 250,000 units. 
With the flagship luxury SUV “Denza N9” officially launched, 
the product matrix of the “Denza” brand was further expanded.
“TAI 3”: A-class battery electric SUV
「鈦3」：A級純電SUV
Officially launched in April, as the first model in the 
“TAI” series, TAI 3 is positioned as a “tech-trendy SUV”, 
equipped with the unique “Drone + Three Compartments” 
(the “LING YUAN” intelligent onboard drone system, electric 
front compartment, ecological passenger compartment, 
and convenient rear compartment) configuration and the 
intelligent trio (“Intelligent EVO+ Platform”, “God’s Eye C”, 
“DiSus-C”), offering exceptional value with technology, 
space, and configuration all upgraded beyond its class. 
Its design targets young users, with multiple face and 
trendy modification options available, aiming to render a 
new vehicle form that looks like a tech fashion item. Since 
its launch, TAI 3 has continuously attracted widespread 
consumer attention, with cumulative sales exceeding 
20,000 units in three months.
四月正式上市，作為「鈦」系列首款車型，定位「科技潮品
SUV」，搭載獨有「1機3艙」
（靈鳶智能車載無人機系統、電動
前艙、生態座艙及便捷後艙）配置和智能三件套（「智能EVO+
平台」、「天神之眼C」、「雲輦–C」），具有科技越級、空間越
級、配置越級的超值價值；設計聚焦年輕用戶，搭配多款前
臉和潮改方案選購，開創科技潮品的全新車型形態。自上市
後，「鈦3」便一直贏得消費者的廣泛關注，三個月累計銷量
突破2萬輛。
“TAI 3”
「鈦3」
「騰勢」品牌：
「騰勢」採用「優雅之勢」為核心設計理念，定位
科技安全新豪華。作為全球首個覆蓋MPV、
SUV、轎車和跑車的新能源豪華汽車品牌，
「騰勢」品牌穩步推進高端市場佈局，鞏固其
新能源豪華車市場地位。期內，「騰勢D9」銷
售持續亮眼，穩居二零二五年半年度MPV市
場銷量榜首，成為全球首款累計銷量突破25
萬輛的新能源MPV；旗艦豪華SUV「騰勢N9」
正式上市，進一步拓寬「騰勢」品牌的產品
矩陣。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
22
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
“Yangwang” Brand:
“Yangwang” draws inspiration from traditional culture, 
integrates innovative technologies with artistic style, and 
positions itself as a million-level premium new energy vehicle 
brand. Building its high-end brand and products with cutting-
edge technology and based on technologies including “e4 
Platform”, “DiSus” and super body structure, “Yangwang” 
creates a range of high-end products such as “Yangwang U8”, 
a hardcore off-road new energy vehicle, “Yangwang U9”, a 
battery electric performance supercar, and “Yangwang U7”, a 
new energy flagship sedan. In April, the cumulative sales of the 
“Yangwang” brand exceeded 10,000 units, becoming the first 
domestically produced million-level automotive brand in China 
to surpass this milestone, supporting the upward breakthrough 
of Chinese automotive brands and demonstrating the strength 
and confidence of Chinese vehicles to compete in the high-
end segment in the new energy era.
“Denza N9”: Class D plug-in hybrid SUV
「騰勢N9」：D級插混SUV
Officially launched in March, the entire series of “Denza N9” 
comes standard with global unique technologies including 
“e3 Platform”, “2.0T Super Hybrid”, “DiSus-A”, and “God’s 
Eye B”, redefining the value benchmark for large flagship 
SUVs priced at the RMB500,000 level. As a full-size SUV, 
“Denza N9” not only boasts powerful acceleration of 0 to 
100 km/h in 3.9 seconds, but also features an ultra-small 
turning radius of 4.65 meters, making its handling more 
agile than an A0-class car. It also set a world record by 
passing the 180 km/h “death curve” hook test, establishing 
a new safety standard exclusive to new energy vehicles. In 
addition, “Denza N9” is equipped with signature features 
such as compass U-turn, e3 parking, low-adhesion road 
stabilization system, and intelligent crab walk, delivering an 
extraordinary driving and riding experience that disrupts 
the impression of traditional luxury SUVs, and bringing an 
unprecedented travel experience to mainstream families 
and contemporary elites.
三月正式上市，全系標配「易三方」、「2.0T超級混動」、「雲
輦–A」、「天神之眼B」等全球獨創技術，重塑50萬級大型旗
艦SUV價值標桿。作為一款全尺寸SUV，「騰勢N9」不僅具
有3.9秒破百的澎湃動力，還擁有4.65米超小轉彎半徑，操
控比A0級小車更靈活，更通過180km/h「死亡彎道」的魚鉤
測試並刷新世界紀錄，建立新能源專屬安全認知。此外「騰
勢N9」還具備圓規掉頭、易三方泊車、低附路面增穩系統、
智能蟹行等標誌性功能，以極致的駕乘體驗顛覆傳統豪華
SUV，為主流家庭和時代精英帶來前所未有的出行體驗。
“Denza N9”
「騰勢N9」
「仰望」品牌：
「仰望」從傳統文化中汲取設計靈感，融合創
新科技與藝術格調，定位百萬級高端新能源
汽車品牌。「仰望」以極致技術打造高端品牌
和產品，基於「易四方」、「雲輦」和超級車身
等技術，打造了新能源硬派越野「仰望U8」、
純電性能超跑「仰望U9」、新能源旗艦轎車
「仰望U7」等多品類高端產品。四月，「仰望」
品牌累計銷量突破1萬台，成為中國首個銷
量破萬的國產百萬級汽車品牌，助力中國汽
車品牌向上突破，更展現了新能源時代中國
汽車衝擊高端的實力與底氣。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
23
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
“Yangwang U7”: D-class battery electric/plug-in hybrid 
electric sedan
「仰望U7」：D級純電╱插混轎車
“Yangwang U7” was officially launched in March. It is 
equipped with the “e4 Platform” technology and the 
revolutionary “DiSus-Z” system, and positioned as a 
flagship new energy sedan, embodying a harmonious 
blend of elegance and cutting-edge technology. In terms of 
power, it delivers over 1,300 horsepower and accelerates 
from 0 to 100 km/h in 2.9 seconds, delivering instantaneous 
high performance. With a turning radius comparable to an 
A0-class compact car, its innovative capabilities such as 
in-situ U-turn, pivot-turn, and parallel sideways parking, 
combined with bi-directional 20° intelligent rear-wheel 
steering, make driving agile and effortless. The “God’s 
Eye A” intelligent driving assistance system is equipped 
as standard, featuring industry-leading hardware, and 
integrated with industry-leading algorithms, enabling easy 
driving and parking across the country. Its “DiSus-Z” 
technology features the world’s first levitated motor 
direct-drive system, applying electromagnetic principles 
previously used only in maglev trains to the automotive field 
for the first time. Leveraging exceptionally fast detection 
and execution speed with high precision, “Yangwang U7” 
provides an exceptionally safe and supremely smooth 
driving experience.
三月正式上市，搭載「易四方」和革命性技術「雲輦–Z」，定位
新能源旗艦轎車，優雅與科技兼備。動力上擁有超1300匹
馬力及2.9秒零百加速能力，超強性能瞬息釋放；轉彎半徑
堪比A0級小車，原地掉頭、定輪旋轉、平行橫移泊車等創
新能力，配合雙向20º智能後輪轉向，讓出行靈動又輕鬆；
輔助駕駛標配「天神之眼A」，搭載行業領先的硬件配置，融
合行業領先算法，全國都好開，處處都好停。其搭載的「雲
輦–Z」全球首創懸浮電機直驅技術，更是將過去應用在磁懸
浮列車上的電磁原理技術首次運用到汽車領域，憑藉極致的
探測執行速度與精度水平，賦予「仰望U7」極致安全、極致
平穩的駕乘體驗。
“Yangwang U7”
「仰望U7」
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
24
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
Overseas market fully blossoming with leapfrog sales 
growth
In the first half of 2025, the Group’s global expansion reached 
a new stage. Its products are now available in over 110 
countries and regions across six continents. The Group has 
made strong inroads into multiple markets like the UK, Brazil 
and Singapore, becoming a leading player in the burgeoning 
new energy vehicle markets, with overseas sales reaching 
a new milestone and up 1.3 times year-on-year, which has 
effectively driven up penetration in new energy vehicle markets 
in key regions like Europe, Latin America and the Asia-Pacific. 
Additionally, the Group’s years of accumulated leading 
technology and reliable products have further strengthened 
its brand recognition globally, allowing for premium pricing in 
overseas markets. The higher profitability has made overseas 
business a key driver for the Group’s continued rapid and high-
quality growth. The “Denza” brand also held a launch event 
at Milan Design Week in April, unveiling its flagship model 
the “Denza Z9GT”, marking the official entry of “Denza” into 
Europe and further strengthening the Group’s competitiveness 
in the global premium market.
Adhering to the principle of win-win cooperation, the Group 
partnered with numerous high-quality global dealers with 
strong influence to accelerate its overseas channel expansion 
and to actively promote its brands, providing local consumers 
with high-quality new energy vehicles and comprehensive 
services. Furthermore, the Group continued to strengthen 
brand globalisation and promotion, with its five-year strategic 
cooperation with the legendary Sydney Roosters team of 
the National Rugby League (NRL) in Australia officially 
commencing, continuing to convey brand value and promote 
the concept of electrification.
海外市場全面開花，銷量實現跨越式增長
二零二五年上半年，本集團全球化進程邁入
新階段，產品已遍佈全球6大洲、110多個國
家和地區，並強勢進入英國、巴西、新加坡
等全球多個市場的新能源汽車熱銷前列，推
動本集團海外銷量再上新台階，同比增長1.3
倍，有效推動歐洲、拉美、亞太等主要區域
的新能源汽車滲透率提升。此外，本集團多
年沉澱的領先科技強化及成熟可靠的產品進
一步加強本集團在全球市場的品牌認可度，
海外定價實現高舉高打，更高的盈利能力使
海外業務成為本集團持續高速高質增長的新
引擎。「騰勢」品牌亦於四月在意大利米蘭設
計週舉行品牌發佈會，攜同旗艦車型「騰勢
Z9GT」亮相，標誌著「騰勢」正式進入歐洲，
進一步強化本集團在國際高端市場的競爭
力。
本集團秉持合作共贏理念，攜手眾多全球優
質且極具影響力的大型經銷商，加速拓展海
外渠道建設並積極開展品牌推廣，為當地消
費者提供優質新能源汽車產品與全方位服
務。此外，本集團持續加大品牌全球化建設
與宣傳，與澳大利亞國家橄欖球聯盟（NRL）
傳奇球隊Sydney Roosters的五年戰略合作
正式啟航，持續傳遞品牌價值、推廣電動化
理念。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
25
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
隨著乘用車業務全球化加速佈局，本集團積
極推進本地化研發、製造和運營進程。四
月，本集團柬埔寨乘用車工廠在西哈努克奠
基，助力當地新能源產業轉型升級。五月，
本集團在匈牙利布達佩斯設立歐洲總部，承
載銷售與售後、車輛認證及測試、車型本地
化設計與功能開發三大核心職能，標誌著本
集團與匈牙利本地汽車產業的深度融合。六
月，本集團與歐洲知名鋼鐵製造商奧鋼聯集
團(voestalpine)簽署合作協議，奧鋼聯集團
成為本集團匈牙利塞格德工廠首批供應合作
伙伴之一，將為本集團供應鋼材。本集團亦
積極搭建出海船隊，期內，滾裝船累計投放
運營數量已達六艘，為本集團及中國汽車的
全球化進程注入新的動力。此外，本集團積
極推進更多海外產能的佈局及建設，為海外
需求的爆發做好充足準備。
以關鍵零部件為技術引擎，持續發力新能源
相關領域
新能源商用車領域，本集團通過靈活戰略持
續深化市場佈局，以領先技術不斷推出優質
產品以滿足不同市場的需求，優化經營模
式，攜手眾多合作夥伴持續提升城市公交服
務質量，引領全球公交電動化改革。根據中
國客車統計信息網數據，本集團新能源客車
出口上半年繼續穩居行業第一，充分彰顯本
集團在全球綠色交通領域的領導地位和強勁
發展動能。
With the accelerated globalisation of its passenger vehicle 
business, the Group actively advanced localised R&D, 
manufacturing, and operational capabilities. In April, the 
Group’s passenger vehicle factory in Sihanoukville, Cambodia, 
was officially groundbroken, supporting the transformation and 
upgrading of local new energy industry. In May, the Group 
established its European headquarters in Budapest, Hungary, 
encompassing three core functions: sales and after-sales 
services, vehicle certification and testing, and localised vehicle 
design and feature development, marking a deep integration 
with Hungary’s automotive industry. In June, the Group 
entered into a cooperation agreement with the renowned 
European steel manufacturer voestalpine, which became one 
of the first supply partners for the Group’s Szeged plant in 
Hungary, providing steel materials to the Group. The Group 
also actively built a fleet for going global. During the Period, 
the total number of Ro-Ro ships in operation has reached 
six, injecting fresh momentum into the Group’s and China’s 
automotive globalisation efforts. Furthermore, the Group has 
been proactively advancing the planning and construction of 
additional overseas production capacity to fully prepare for a 
surge in international demand.
Leveraging the strength of core components as a 
technological engine to keep focus on new energy related 
areas
In the field of new energy commercial vehicles, the Group 
continued to carry out in-depth market development with 
flexible strategies, launched quality products with leading 
technology to meet the needs of different markets, optimized 
its business models, and worked with various partners to 
continuously improve the quality of urban public transportation 
services and lead the transformation of electrification of 
the global public transportation. According to the statistics 
released by www.ChinaBus.Info, the Group continued to 
maintain the top of the industry in new energy bus export in 
the first half of the year, fully demonstrating its leading position 
and strong development momentum in the global green 
transportation sector.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
26
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
二次充電電池領域，本集團持續深耕，技術
規模國內領先，業務穩步發展。在滿足自身
新能源汽車動力電池需求的同時，本集團積
極拓展外部戰略客戶，助力新能源汽車滲透
率提升。在儲能業務方面，本集團多年深耕
國際市場，聚焦綠色能源和電化學儲能技
術，構建涵蓋電源側儲能、電網側儲能、工
商業儲能、家庭儲能、叉車電池和船舶電池
等應用領域，為全球客戶提供全場景、全價
值、全生態的儲能解決方案，助力新型儲能
產業實現跨越式發展。光伏領域方面，本集
團緊跟「雙碳」目標，強化新技術研發和綜合
競爭力，推動行業高質量發展。
對外合作方面，本集團積極深化與全球各領
域專業夥伴的多元合作，致力共同實踐綠色
願景，建立美好未來。五月，本集團宣佈分
別與小桔充電及新電途合作共建10,000座及
5,000座兆瓦閃充樁，在全國範圍內推進兆瓦
閃充生態普及，進一步加快兆瓦閃充充電設
施的建設，讓用戶能更廣泛、更便利地享受
到「油電同速」的極致補能體驗。
本集團積極關注具身智能機器人領域，憑藉
完善的新能源產業鏈佈局、領先的技術創新
能力和豐富的場景應用經驗，積極佈局未來
產業；亦通過與業內頭部企業達成股權和業
務等多維度合作實現資源協同，從而賦能業
務提質增效，加速培育新業態、新模式與新
動能。
In the field of rechargeable batteries, the Group continued 
to deepen its development, maintaining a leading position 
in domestic technology, with steady business growth. 
While meeting its own power battery demand for new 
energy vehicles, the Group also actively expanded external 
strategic customers, accelerating the adoption of new 
energy vehicles. In the energy storage business, the Group 
has been deeply engaged in international markets for many 
years, focusing on green energy and electrochemical energy 
storage technologies. It has built a product portfolio covering 
applications such as power source energy storage, grid 
energy storage, industrial and commercial energy storage, 
household energy storage, forklift battery and marine battery, 
thereby providing global customers with full-scenario, full-
value-chain and full-ecosystem energy storage solutions, 
facilitating the new energy storage industry to achieve 
leapfrog development. As for the photovoltaic business, 
the Group continued to advance the “carbon peaking and 
carbon neutrality” objectives by strengthening R&D of new 
technologies and enhancing comprehensive competitiveness, 
driving high-quality development of the industry.
In the field of external cooperation, the Group actively 
deepened its diversified collaboration with professional 
partners across the globe, aiming to jointly realise the green 
vision and build a better future. In May, the Group announced 
strategic partnerships with Orange Charging (小桔充電) 
and Xindiantu (新電途) to jointly construct 10,000 and 5,000 
MW-level flash-charging stations respectively, promoting 
nationwide adoption of MW-level flash-charging ecosystems, 
further accelerating the development of MW-level flash-
charging infrastructure, and enabling users to enjoy the 
ultimate “charging-as-fast-as-refueling” experience more 
widely and conveniently.
The Group is also actively exploring the field of intelligent 
humanoid robots, leveraging its well-established new energy 
industry chain, leading technological innovation capabilities 
and extensive scenario application experience to position 
itself in the future industry. The Group also seeks to achieve 
resource synergy through various forms of collaboration, 
including equity partnerships and business ventures with 
leading industry players, thereby enhancing operation 
efficiency and quality, while speeding up fostering new 
business types, models and dynamics.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
27
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
2.2 
Handset Components and Assembly Business
The Group is a global leading provider of high-tech and 
innovative products, providing customers around the world 
with one-stop product solutions relying on its core advantages 
in electronic information, AI, 5G and Internet of Things, thermal 
management, new materials, precision molds and digital 
manufacturing technologies. The Group engages in a wide 
variety of businesses ranging from smart phones, tablet PCs, 
AI data center, smart home, game hardware, unmanned 
aerial vehicles, 3D printers, Internet of Things, communication 
equipment to other diversified market areas.
In terms of consumer electronics business, the Group 
remained focused on the high value-added product 
segment, and progressively consolidated and augmented 
its leadership in the high-end market. It maintained the 
position of key supplier for multiple flagship models by its 
top-notch technological superiority and exceptional delivery 
capabilities, building a core product matrix of titanium-clad 
smartphones, other premium metal-body smartphones and 
foldable-screen smartphones. During the Period, the Group 
managed to maintain its leading market share in supporting 
customers’ high-end series and further consolidated the 
position of strategic partner to customers’ supply chain as 
it continuously fortified the technological barriers, therefore 
maintaining a stable and profitable product matrix. Notably 
in the business with major overseas customers, the assembly 
business sustained continuous improvement in market share, 
driving year-on-year growth in both shipments and revenue. 
Additionally, the Group further optimized the acquired 
precision components business, thus improving its operation 
efficiency significantly.
In terms of new intelligent product business, the Group actively 
seized the opportunities presented by AI development, 
invested decisively in new product research and development, 
while accelerated its strategic deployment in emerging fields 
such as AI data centers. During the Period, the Group’s AI 
data center business recorded stride in growth. In particular, 
the substantial shipment of AI servers drove robust business 
growth, and liquid cooling and power supply products for data 
centers obtained certification from industry leaders, injecting 
new dynamics into the Group’s business growth.
2.2 
手機部件及組裝業務
本集團是全球領先的高科技創新產品提供
商，依託電子信息技術、人工智能技術、5G
和物聯網技術、熱管理技術、新材料技術、
精密模具技術和數字化製造技術等核心優
勢，為全球客戶提供一站式產品解決方案。
本集團業務涵蓋智能手機、平板電腦、AI數
據中心、智能家居、遊戲硬件、無人機、3D
打印機、物聯網、通信設備等多元化的市場
領域。
消費電子業務方面，本集團持續聚焦高附加
值產品領域，積極鞏固並擴大其於高端市場
的領先地位。憑藉領先的技術優勢和強大的
製造能力，本集團在多個旗艦型號中保持主
要供應商地位，涵蓋鈦金屬手機、其他金屬
手機、折疊屏手機等核心產品線。期內，本
集團持續強化技術壁壘，在客戶高端產品系
列中持續保持領先的市場份額，進一步強化
其於全系客戶供應鏈中的戰略地位，產品
結構穩中向好。尤其是在海外大客戶業務方
面，本集團的整機組裝業務份額持續提升，
帶動出貨量和收入同比增長。此外，本集團
持續優化收購的精密零部件業務，運營效率
顯著提升。
新型智能產品業務方面，本集團積極擁抱AI
發展機遇，積極投入新產品研發，加速佈局
AI數據中心等新賽道。期內，本集團的AI數
據中心業務實現跨越式成長。其中，AI服務
器大量出貨，業務實現強勁增長，而數據中
心液冷和電源產品已通過行業領軍企業認
證，為本集團業務增長注入新動能。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
28
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
3. 
PROSPECT AND STRATEGY
Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, while the global 
landscape remains fraught with complex and uncertain 
factors, China is vigorously promoting structural adjustments 
and expanding domestic demand. However, China’s ability 
to address internal and external risks and challenges is also 
improving, and the economic resilience is significant with 
solid fundamentals supporting long-term positive growth. 
It is expected that the government will further intensify 
macroeconomic policies to fully unleash the endogenous 
market forces, consistently injecting strong impetus and 
support into high-quality economic development. The auto 
industry remains a key driver in expanding domestic demand. 
Despite the fact that challenges still persist in the new energy 
vehicle market, new energy passenger vehicles are expected 
to witness continuously increasing penetration amid industry-
wide technological revolution, further enhancement of product 
competitiveness and consumption upgrading, which will be 
heightened by multi-dimensional policy support. The trade-in 
policy and national subsidies will remain effective, with funds 
from central budgets to be in place respectively in July and 
October 2025 to support implementation in the third quarter 
and the fourth quarter, advancing phase-out of outdated fuel-
powered vehicles and replacement of new energy vehicles, 
further stimulating consumption upgrading and facilitating 
sustained and steady growth of new energy vehicle sales. 
Additionally, the government clearly proposes to “vigorously 
develop new-generation intelligent terminals and smart 
manufacturing equipment, including intelligent connected 
new-energy vehicles” in its major tasks for 2025 contained 
in the 2025 work report. 2025 will mark the inaugural year of 
China’s intelligent driving era, with smart technology as the 
core differentiator in the auto industry. Users are taking rapid 
industrialization of autonomous driving assistance systems, 
urban NOA (Navigate on Autopilot), AI large model and 
end-to-end intelligent control technology, and significantly 
improving penetration of intelligent cockpits and advanced 
driver assistance devices as key considerations. Vehicle-road-
cloud integration and 5G applications are driving technological 
breakthroughs for intelligent connectivity, simultaneously 
enhancing safety and user experience, and accelerating 
the development toward connectivity and shared mobility, a 
landscape of cross-industry integration boosting multi-industry 
fusion. With increasing new growth engines shaped by the 
synergy of electrification, intelligence and connectivity, the 
new energy vehicle market is now at a golden era of industrial 
upgrading, embracing boundless opportunities ahead.
3. 
前景及策略
展望二零二五年下半年，國際環境仍充滿複
雜不確定因素，國內結構調整和內需增長仍
在進行中，但中國應對內外部風險與挑戰的
能力也在提升，經濟韌性顯著，長期向好的
支撐條件依然堅實，預期國家將繼續在宏觀
政策持續發力，充分釋放市場的內生動力，
持續為經濟高質量發展注入強勁動力、提供
有力支撐。汽車行業仍是擴大內需的關鍵發
力點，儘管新能源汽車的市場環境仍具一定
挑戰性，但隨著行業技術革新、產品力持續
提升及消費升級，加上政策端多維發力，新
能源乘用車滲透率有望持續提升。以舊換新
政策和國家補貼將持續實施，將在七月及十
月分別下達第三季度和第四季度中央資金，
推動老舊燃油車淘汰和新能源車換購，進一
步推動消費升級，助力新能源汽車銷量保持
穩健增長。此外，在2025年政府工作報告
中提及的2025年工作任務中，明確「大力發
展智能網聯新能源汽車等新一代智能終端及
智能製造裝備」。二零二五年將是中國智駕
元年，智能化已成為汽車產業最重要的競爭
力。自動駕駛輔助系統、城市NOA（領航輔
助駕駛）、AI大模型及端到端智能控制技術快
速產業化，智能座艙和高階輔助駕駛設備滲
透率顯著提升，成為用戶的重要考量。車路
雲協同與5G應用促進智能網聯技術突破，安
全性和用戶體驗同步提升，推動汽車向網聯
化、共享化方向加速發展，跨界融合帶動多
產業融合。在汽車電動化、智能化及網聯化
的協同效應下新的增長動力不斷催生，新能
源汽車市場正處於產業升級的黃金窗口期，
機遇廣闊。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
29
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
3.1 
Automobiles and Batteries Business
In the second half of 2025, the Group will adhere to its 
development strategy, strengthen the independence and 
controllability of its core technologies, and continue to 
enhance the competitiveness of its products. Keeping pace 
with market trends and aligning with customer demands, the 
Group will further improve its multi-brand matrix, accelerate the 
pace of overseas expansion of its business to provide global 
consumers with exceptional new energy vehicle products 
with its comprehensive strength in new energy vehicle area, 
and help China’s automobile industry to lead the global 
transformation of new energy vehicles. In July, the Group’s 13 
millionth new energy vehicle rolled off the production line, a 
landmark milestone that further reinforced its leading position 
in the global new energy vehicle market.
Leading the new development phase of the auto industry 
with technology as the foundation, intelligence and 
electrification as the key
The Group will maintain strong technological investments in the 
new energy vehicle segment and focus on further development 
and integration of the core technologies of electrification 
and intelligence, enabling the transformation of the entire 
industry chain and pioneering a new development paradigm. 
In the area of electrification, the “DM 5.0” of the Group further 
evolved under the empowerment of a newly developed AI 
engine model and a AI-enabled three-electric system, with 
the fuel consumption at low battery charge level of 2.6L per 
100km, as certified by authoritative institutions, setting another 
world record for power consumption per 100km at low battery 
charge level. In the area of intelligence, the Group will continue 
to upgrade the “God’s Eye”, expand the coverage to three 
core aspects: parking, driving and safety, and introduce new 
features and better experience, with the commitment to fully 
guarantee safety and compensate for any damages under 
the intelligent parking scenario for all vehicles equipped with 
the “God’s Eye” in China, ensuring safety with technological 
excellence, guaranteeing compensation for damages with 
financial strength and setting new benchmarks for intelligent 
living.
3.1 
汽車及電池業務
二零二五年下半年，本集團將堅定發展戰
略，強化核心技術的自主可控，持續提升產
品競爭力；緊跟市場趨勢，堅持以消費者需
求為導向，持續推進多品牌矩陣建設；加速
業務出海進程，以新能源汽車領域的全面實
力，為全球消費者提供卓越的新能源汽車產
品，助力中國汽車產業引領全球新能源汽車
變革。七月，本集團第1,300萬輛新能源汽車
成功下線，這一里程碑式的成就標誌著本集
團在全球新能源汽車市場的領先地位進一步
強化。
技術為基，智電為鑰，引領汽車產業發展新
階段
本集團將持續強化對新能源汽車領域的技術
投入，聚焦電動化、智能化核心技術的深化
與融合，賦能全產業鏈轉型，開創行業發展
新格局。電動化領域，通過全新開發的發動
機AI模型及三電系統AI模型，本集團「第五代
DM技術」再進化，經相關權威機構認證，百
公里虧電油耗刷新至2.6L，再創全球百公里
虧電油耗新低。智能化領域，本集團將持續
推進「天神之眼」升級，涵蓋泊車、行車與安
全三大核心板塊，帶來多項功能新增與體驗
優化，並承諾在中國市場對所有「天神之眼」
車輛用戶在智能泊車場景下的安全及損失全
面兜底，以技術鑄就安全，用實力為安全兜
底，引領智慧生活新標桿。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
30
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
技術為內核，需求為導向，全面賦能品牌建
設升級
本集團秉持創新精神，圍繞顛覆性技術打造
高端品牌內核。未來，本集團將以市場需求
為導向不斷完善產品矩陣並優化銷售渠道及
營銷方式，滿足消費者對於安全、智能、便
利、環保、消費體驗等方面的多樣化、個性
化需求，從而進一步提升品牌價值，增強本
集團在汽車新時代的話語權。
海外業務全面發力，打造中國新能源汽車出
海的靚麗名片
本集團汽車業務出海步伐不斷加速，海外業
務不僅成為新的核心增長極，更是成為中國
新能源汽車走向世界的靚麗名片。二零二五
年下半年，本集團將憑藉新能源技術與產品
實力的領先優勢，積極擴展產品線、完善海
外產能與銷售網絡、構建全球化供應鏈、搭
建自有運力；此外，高端品牌出海是本集團
出海戰略的重要一環，「騰勢」、「仰望」品牌
陸續在多個海外市場亮相，並將逐步面向海
外市場發佈上市，持續深化全球化戰略的佈
局。
新能源相關領域持續深化，推動全球綠色轉
型
本集團將持續為全球各國家和地區提供可持
續、零排放、智能化的公共交通解決方案，
依託行業領先的創新技術，推出市場高度認
可的綠色環保高品質公共交通產品與服務，
積極推動低碳社會的快速普及與健康發展。
Empowering brand upgrade with technology as the core 
and demand as the guide
Motivated by the spirit of innovation, the Group is forging a 
premium brand identity based on disruptive technologies. 
Moving forward, the Group will adopt a market-oriented 
approach to further refine the product matrix and improve sales 
channels and marketing strategies, so as to meet customers’ 
diversified and personalized demands for safety, intelligence, 
convenience, sustainability and experience, ultimately further 
enhancing brand value and amplifying influence in the new 
automotive era.
Creating a stunning ambassador for Chinese new energy 
vehicles on the world stage with the overall blooming of 
overseas operations
The Group is progressively accelerating global expansion 
of its automobiles segment, with overseas operations now 
serving as a pivotal growth engine and even a stunning 
ambassador for Chinese new energy vehicles on the world 
stage. In the second half of 2025, the Group will leverage its 
leading advantages of new energy technology and product 
competitiveness to aggressively expand product portfolio, 
improve overseas production capacities and sales networks, 
establish global supply chains and build in-house logistics 
systems. Furthermore, under the initiative of premium 
brand globalization, a key movement for the Group’s global 
expansion strategy, brands like “Denza” and “Yangwang” have 
successively made their debut in several overseas markets, 
and will be launched in international markets with tailored 
plans, further extending the reach of the globalization strategy.
Facilitating global green transformation with deeper 
cultivation in new energy related fields
The Group will continue to provide sustainable, zero-emission 
and intelligent public transportation solutions to countries 
and regions across the world, launch high-quality, green, and 
environmentally friendly public transportation products and 
services highly recognized by the market with the support of 
industry leading innovative technologies, and actively engage 
in the rapid penetration and healthy development of a low-
carbon society.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
31
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
二次充電電池方面，本集團將不斷提升自主
研發和技術創新水平，加快新產品和前沿技
術的應用步伐；同時深化國內外客戶拓展，
擴大市場覆蓋，推動業務規模和品質持續提
升。光伏業務方面，本集團將緊抓綠色能源
發展新機遇，聚焦技術突破和產品升級，滿
足國內外光伏裝機需求的多樣化趨勢，以高
質量的創新產品應對行業變革和市場挑戰。
3.2 
手機部件及組裝業務
作為全球領先的高科技創新產品提供商，本
集團將持續深耕核心技術研發及提升高端製
造創新能力，進一步強化垂直整合壁壘，全
方位深化大客戶戰略合作，搶佔未來市場制
高點。在不斷鞏固消費電子行業領導地位的
同時，服務器、AI數據中心等新興業務的加
速成長，將共同推動本集團實現可持續發
展。
消費電子業務方面，端側AI技術的快速發展
和高端產品的創新升級，為消費電子行業注
入新的動能。隨著AI終端複雜度的不斷提升
及折疊屏手機市場持續壯大，將顯著拉動對
高強度輕量化零部件和高效散熱器件的需
求，為相關產業鏈帶來高附加值的新發展機
遇。本集團將持續擴大在精密製造領域的技
術領先優勢，聚焦高附加值的高端產品，積
極把握市場趨勢及AI賦能所帶來的新發展機
遇。海外大客戶方面，本集團將持續深挖海
外大客戶的核心業務潛力，積極提升產品份
額，擴充產品品類，持續擴大業務規模。安
卓業務方面，本集團不斷深化與客戶在高端
產品的戰略合作，緊密配合客戶的業務發展
需求，全面支持客戶產品的迭代和升級。
In terms of rechargeable batteries, the Group will further 
enhance its independent R&D and innovation capabilities, 
accelerate the application of new products and cutting-
edge technologies, and simultaneously adopt stronger 
measures for expanding its customer base domestically and 
overseas, to enlarge market share and boost sustainable 
improvement in both business scale and quality. In terms 
of the photovoltaics business, the Group will keenly attune 
to the trend of green energy development and focus on 
technological breakthroughs and product iterations, so as to 
meet the diversified photovoltaic demands in both domestic 
and international markets and navigate industry revolution and 
market challenges with top-tier innovative products.
3.2 
Handset Components and Assembly Business
As a global leading provider of high-tech and innovative 
products, the Group will continue to strengthen its capabilities 
in core technology R&D and high-end manufacturing 
innovation, further enhance vertical integration advantages, 
and deepen strategic cooperation with key customers 
to actively seize market opportunities. While our industry 
leadership in the consumer electronics sector is being 
reinforced, emerging businesses such as servers and AI data 
centers have been growing rapidly, which will together drive 
the Group’s sustainable development.
In terms of the consumer electronics business, the rapid 
development of edge AI technologies and the innovation-
driven upgrading of high-end products are injecting new 
dynamics into the consumer electronics sector. As the 
complexity of AI devices continues to increase and the 
foldable smartphone market keeps expanding, demand for 
high-strength, lightweight components and efficient cooling 
solutions will rise significantly, creating new value-added 
opportunities across the related supply chain. The Group will 
continue to expand its technological leadership in precision 
manufacturing, focusing on high-value-added premium 
products while actively capitalizing on market trends and new 
development opportunities enabled by AI. For key overseas 
customers, the Group will further explore their core business 
potential, proactively increase the market share of its products, 
broaden its product portfolio and steadily expand its business 
scale. Regarding the Android business, the Group has been 
deepening its strategic cooperation with customers on high-
end products, closely aligning with their business development 
needs and making relentless efforts to support the iteration 
and upgrading of their products.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
32
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
新型智能產品業務方面，本集團在數據中心
領域持續加大研發投入，已構建涵蓋AI服務
器、液冷系統、電源管理和高速通訊等高壁
壘產品的完整佈局，為本集團開拓了廣闊的
增長空間。二零二五年下半年，算力需求的
持續增長將成為本集團AI服務器業務高速發
展的主要驅動力。同時，數據中心市場正加
速邁入液冷時代，液冷產品的市場需求將大
幅提升，本集團將積極推進與國內外客戶的
合作，加速AI數據中心相關新產品的落地，
培育新的業務增長引擎。依託世界一流的研
發實力、全球化的佈局以及垂直整合的優
勢，本集團將持續開拓具有高增長潛力的新
產品類別和新市場，推動業務實現長期可持
續發展。
In terms of the new intelligent product business, the Group 
continues to increase its R&D investment in the area of data 
centres, and has established a comprehensive product 
portfolio of high-barrier products covering AI servers, liquid 
cooling systems, power management and high-speed 
communication solutions, creating broad growth opportunities 
for the Group. In the second half of 2025, the continuous 
growth in demand for computing power will become the main 
driver for the rapid growth of the Group’s AI server business. At 
the same time, as the data centre market accelerates its pace 
into the liquid cooling era, market demand for liquid cooling 
products will increase significantly. The Group will actively 
promote cooperation with domestic and overseas customers, 
accelerate the continuous deployment of new products related 
to AI data centres, and foster new engines for business growth. 
Underpinned by world-class R&D strength, global layout 
and vertical integration advantages, the Group will continue 
to explore new categories and markets with high growth 
potential, ensuring the long-term sustainable development of 
its business.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
33
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
財務回顧
營業額及母公司擁有人應佔溢利 
期內，營業額較二零二四年上半年上升23.30%，主
要是新能源汽車業務增長所致。母公司權益持有人
應佔溢利較去年同期上升13.79%，主要是新能源汽
車業務增長所致。
分部資料
以下為本集團於截至二零二五年及二零二四年六月
三十日止六個月按產品類別分析的營業額比較：
毛利及邊際利潤
本集團期內的毛利上升約18.24%至約人民幣66,866
百萬元。毛利率由二零二四年上半年約18.78%下降
至期內約18.01%。毛利率下降主要受新能源汽車業
務影響。
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent 
Company
During the Period, the Group’s revenue increased by 23.30% as 
compared to the first half of 2024, mainly attributable to the growth of 
new energy vehicle business. The profit attributable to equity holders 
of the parent company increased by 13.79% as compared to the 
same period of previous year, mainly attributable to the growth of the 
new energy vehicle business.
Segmental Information
Comparisons of the Group’s revenue by product categories for the six 
months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024 are illustrated as follows:
2025H1
2024H1
2025H1
18.51%
Mobile handset
components,
assembly and
other products
81.48%
Automobiles and
related products,
and other products
二零二五年上半年
手機部件、組裝及
其他產品
汽車、汽車相關產品
及其他產品
2024H1
24.17%
Mobile handset
components,
assembly and
other products
75.82%
Automobiles and
related products,
and other products
二零二四年上半年
手機部件、組裝及
其他產品
汽車、汽車相關產品
及其他產品
Gross Profit and Margin
The Group’s gross profit for the Period increased by approximately 
18.24% to approximately RMB66,866 million. The gross profit margin 
decreased from approximately 18.78% for the first half of 2024 to 
approximately 18.01% for the Period. The decrease in gross profit 
margin was mainly due to the effect of new energy vehicle business.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
34
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
流動資金及財務資源
期內，本集團錄得經營現金流入約人民幣31,833百
萬元，而去年上半年則錄得經營現金流入約人民幣
14,178百萬元，本集團期內現金流入增加主要是銷
售商品、提供勞務收到的現金增加所致。於二零二
五年六月三十日的總借貸包括全部銀行貸款及超短
期融資券，約為人民幣39,076百萬元，而二零二四
年十二月三十一日總借貸包括全部銀行貸款，約為
人民幣28,584百萬元。銀行貸款及超短期融資券的
到期還款期限分佈在五年期間，分別須於一年期內
償還約人民幣33,580百萬元，於第二至第五年期內
償還約人民幣5,496百萬元。本集團擁有足夠的流動
性以滿足日常流動資金管理及資本開支需求。
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月，應收類款項
（含應收賬款，合同資產，應收款項融資）週轉期約
33日，而截至二零二四年同期則約為48日，變化的
主要原因為營業收入同比增長但應收賬款平均餘額
同比下降所致。存貨週轉期截至二零二五年六月三
十日止六個月約為79日，截至二零二四年同期則約
為77日，無明顯變化。
資本架構
本集團財務處的職責是負責本集團的財務風險管理
工作並根據高級管理層實行批核的政策運作。於二
零二五年六月三十日，借貸主要以人民幣結算，而
其現金及現金等價物則主要以人民幣及美元持有。
本集團於期內維持適當的股本及債務組合，以確保
具備有效的資本架構。於二零二五年六月三十日，
本集團尚未償還貸款均為人民幣貸款，該等尚未償
還貸款中約82%（二零二四年十二月三十一日：70%）
按固定利率計息，其餘則按浮動利率計息。
本集團透過使用資本負債比率（即負債淨額除以權
益）監管其資本。本集團的政策為盡量維持低資本負
債比率。負債淨額包括債務資本減去貨幣資金。權
益為母公司擁有人應佔權益。故本集團於二零二五
年六月三十日及二零二四年十二月三十一日的資本
負債比率為-28%和-36%。
Liquidity and Financial Resources
During the Period, the Group recorded an operating cash inflow 
of approximately RMB31,833 million, as compared to an operating 
cash inflow of approximately RMB14,178 million in the first half of 
last year. The increase in cash inflow of the Group during the Period 
was mainly attributable to the increase in cash received from sales of 
goods and provision of services. Total borrowings as at 30 June 2025, 
including all bank loans and super short-term commercial paper, 
were approximately RMB39,076 million, compared with approximately 
RMB28,584 million of total borrowings as at 31 December 2024, 
including all bank loans. The maturity profile of bank loans and super 
short-term commercial paper spread over a period of five years, 
with approximately RMB33,580 million repayable within one year, 
approximately RMB5,496 million repayable within the second to 
fifth years. The Group had adequate liquidity to meet daily liquidity 
management and capital expenditure requirements.
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the turnover days of 
receivables (including trade receivables, contract assets and 
financing receivables) were approximately 33 days as compared to 
approximately 48 days for the corresponding period in 2024, which 
was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in operating revenue 
and the year-on-year decrease in the average balance of trade 
receivables. The inventory turnover days were approximately 79 days 
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 as compared to approximately 
77 days for the corresponding period in 2024, with no significant 
change.
Capital Structure
The Group’s financial division is responsible for the Group’s financial 
risk management which operates according to policies implemented 
and approved by senior management. As at 30 June 2025, borrowings 
were mainly settled in RMB, while its cash and cash equivalents were 
mainly held in RMB and USD. The Group maintained an appropriate 
mix of equity and debt to ensure an effective capital structure during 
the Period. As at 30 June 2025, all of the Group’s outstanding loans 
were RMB loans, of which approximately 82% (31 December 2024: 
70%) bore fixed interest rates and the rest bore floating interest rates.
The Group monitors its capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt 
divided by equity. The Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio 
as low as possible. Net debt includes debt capital less monetary 
funds. Equity represents equity attributable to owners of the parent 
company. Therefore, the Group’s gearing ratio as at 30 June 2025 and 
31 December 2024 was -28% and -36%, respectively.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
35
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
於二零二五年六月三十日及二零二四年十二月三十
一日，本集團均無以任何資產作為抵押取得長期借
款。於二零二五年六月三十日，本集團有人民幣約
313,251千元（二零二四年十二月三十一日：無）的
貨幣資金作為銀行承兌匯票出票保證金而受限，另
有人民幣約326,392千元（二零二四年十二月三十一
日：人民幣204,057千元）作為信用保證金、投標保
證金及其他受限性質而受限。
外匯風險
本集團大部分收入及開支以人民幣及美元結算。期
內，本集團並無因貨幣匯率的波動而令其營運或流
動資金出現任何重大困難或影響。董事相信，本集
團將有充足外幣應付其外匯需要，並將採取切實有
效的方法防範外匯匯兌風險。
僱用、培訓及發展
於二零二五年六月三十日，本集團僱用約88.54萬
名員工。期內，員工成本總額佔本集團營業額約
17.42%。本集團按僱員的表現、資歷及當時的行
業慣例釐定給予僱員的報酬，而酬金政策會定期檢
討。根據年度工作表現評核，僱員或會獲發花紅及
獎金。發放獎勵乃作為個人推動力的鼓勵。
比亞迪建立了多層次、分類型的人才培養體系，持
續提升公司人才競爭力，夯實人才厚度，以更好地
培養和保留人才。
比亞迪為員工設計並建立了管理、技術、技能、專
業等多通道的人才培養體系，針對不同群體的員工
設置了相應的培養專項，通過案例教學、導師制、
鐵軍訓練營、訓戰結合等方式，用「優秀培養優秀，
讓成功複製成功」，持續提升人才梯隊的戰鬥力。
在員工職業發展方面，比亞迪的目標是建立一個公
平、公正的人才發展平台。我們通過管理指標評
審、技術職稱認證、技能等級認證體系，打造「管理
+技術+技能+專業」的多人才發展通道。
As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, there were no assets of 
the Group which were pledged as collateral for long-term borrowings. 
As at 30 June 2025, the Group had cash and bank balances of 
approximately RMB313,251,000 (31 December 2024: nil) which were 
subject to restrictions as deposits of bank acceptance bills and cash 
and bank balances of approximately RMB326,392,000 (31 December 
2024: RMB204,057,000) which were subject to restrictions as 
guarantee deposits, bid bond and others.
Exposure to Foreign Exchange Risk
Most of the Group’s income and expenditure are settled in RMB and 
US dollars. During the Period, the Group did not experience any 
significant difficulties in or impacts on its operations or liquidity due 
to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Directors believe that 
the Group has sufficient foreign exchange to meet its own foreign 
exchange requirements and will adopt practical measures to prevent 
exposure to exchange rate risk.
Employment, Training and Development
As at 30 June 2025, the Group had approximately 885.4 thousand 
employees. During the Period, total staff cost accounted for 
approximately 17.42% of the Group’s turnover. Employees’ 
remuneration was determined based on performance, qualifications 
and prevailing industry practices, with compensation policies 
being reviewed on a regular basis. Bonuses were also awarded to 
employees, based on the appraisal on their annual performance. 
Incentives were offered to encourage personal motivation.
BYD has established a unique talent training system, established a 
multi-level and comprehensive learning development organizational 
atmosphere, continuously improved the Company’s talent 
competitiveness, and consolidated the thickness of talents in order to 
better cultivate and retain talents,
BYD has designed and established a multi-channel talent training 
system for employees in terms of management, technology, skills, 
and specialties, and has set up corresponding training projects for 
different groups of employees. Through case teaching, mentorship 
system, Tiejun training camp, combination of training and practice, 
etc. By leveraging the philosophy “cultivating excellence with 
excellence, allowing success to replicate success“, we continuously 
improve the talent echelon’s competitiveness.
In terms of employee career development, BYD aims to establish 
a fair and just talent development platform. Through management 
indicator evaluation, technical title certification and skill level 
certification system, we have built a multi-talent development channel 
of “management, technology, skills, and specialties”.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
36
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
In addition, the Group had also adopted the 2022 Employee Share 
Ownership Plan (the “2022 ESOP”), the 2024 Employee Share 
Ownership Plan (the “2024 ESOP”), the 2025 Employee Share 
Ownership Plan (the “2025 ESOP”) and the Share Option Incentive 
Scheme of BYD Semiconductor Company Limited (比亞迪半導體股
份有限公司) (the “Subsidiary Share Option Scheme”), which were 
approved by the shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary 
general meeting held on 27 May 2022, 5 November 2024, 15 April 
2025 and 16 June 2021, respectively. As at 30 June 2025, the 2022 
ESOP, the 2024 ESOP and the 2025 ESOP were effective employee 
share ownership plans of the Company. 
The validity period of the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme shall 
commence from the grant date of the share options and end on 
the date on which all the share options granted to the incentive 
participants have been exercised or cancelled, which shall not 
exceed 10 years. On 11 May 2024, the board and shareholders of 
BYD Semiconductor have resolved to cancel all share options (i.e. 
22,928,295 share options) granted but have not been exercised in 
the second and third exercise period of the Subsidiary Share Option 
Scheme. Pursuant to the terms of the scheme, it has ceased to be 
effective since the same date. As at 30 June 2025, there were no 
outstanding share options under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme. 
For further details of the 2022 ESOP, the 2024 ESOP, the 2025 ESOP 
and the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme, please refer to the sections 
headed “2022 Employee Share Ownership Plan”, “2024 Employee 
Share Ownership Plan”, “2025 Employee Share Ownership Plan” and 
“Subsidiary Share Option Scheme” below of this report respectively.
此外，本集團亦已採納二零二二年員工持股計劃
（「二零二二年員工持股計劃」）、二零二四年員工持股
計劃（「二零二四年員工持股計劃」）、二零二五年員工
持股計劃（「二零二五年員工持股計劃」）及比亞迪半導
體股份有限公司股權期權激勵計劃（「子公司股權期
權計劃」），均已獲本公司股東分別於二零二二年五
月二十七日、二零二四年十一月五日、二零二五年
四月十五日及二零二一年六月十六日舉行的臨時股
東大會及╱或臨時股東會上批准。截至二零二五年
六月三十日，二零二二年員工持股計劃、二零二四
年員工持股計劃及二零二五年員工持股計劃為本公
司有效員工持股計劃。
子公司股權期權計劃的有效期自股權期權授予日起
至激勵對象獲授的股權期權全部行權或註銷之日
止，不應超過十年。於二零二四年五月十一日，比
亞迪半導體董事會及股東決議註銷子公司股權期
權計劃第二及第三個行權期已授出但未行權的所有
股權期權（即22,928,295份股權期權）。根據計劃條
款，該計劃已於同日起不再有效。截至二零二五年
六月三十日，子公司股權期權計劃項下並無尚未行
使的股權期權。
有關二零二二年員工持股計劃、二零二四年員工持
股計劃、二零二五年員工持股計劃及子公司股權期
權計劃的進一步詳情，請分別參閱本報告以下標題
為「二零二二年員工持股計劃」、「二零二四年員工持
股計劃」、「二零二五年員工持股計劃及「子公司股權
期權計劃」章節。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
37
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
二零二二年員工持股計劃
茲提述本公司日期為二零二二年四月二十二日的公
告及日期為二零二二年五月五日的通函（「二零二二年
通函」），內容有關（其中包括）採納員工持股計劃（草
案）。本公司股東於本公司於二零二二年五月二十七
日舉行的臨時股東大會上批准採納。
二零二二年員工持股計劃為本公司的一項酌情員工
持股計劃，並不涉及授出發行新股份或本公司任何
其他新證券的期權。
二零二二年員工持股計劃有利於本公司建立和完善
利益共享機制，提高員工凝聚力和本公司競爭力，
實現企業的長遠可持續發展。參與對象包括本公司
的職工代表監事、高級管理人員以及比亞迪集團的
中層管理人員、核心骨幹員工，不包括本公司董事
及最高行政人員及其聯繫人，參與二零二二年員工
持股計劃的總人數不超過12,000人，單個員工所持
二零二二年員工持股計劃份額所對應的股票總數累
計不超過公司股本總額的1%。二零二二年員工持
股計劃通過非交易過戶等法律法規允許的方式受讓
公司回購的公司A股股票，受讓價格為人民幣0元╱
股，參與對象無需出資。
公司回購專用證券賬戶所持有的5,511,024股公司A
股股票已全部完成授予，緊接授予日前一交易日公
司A股股票收盤價為人民幣323.00元╱股。上述過戶
股票數量約佔本公司於二零二五年六月三十日已發
行股份總數的0.1813%。
二零二二年員工持股計劃第一個、第二個及第三個
鎖定期已分別於二零二三年七月十五日、二零二四
年七月十五日及二零二五年七月十五日屆滿。第三
個鎖定期已解鎖比例為二零二二年員工持股計劃
持有公司股票總數的40%，對應的標的股票數量為
2,204,410股A股股票，約佔本公司於二零二五年
六月三十日已發行股份總數的0.0725%。於解鎖
日前一交易日，本公司A股股票的收盤價為人民幣
318.49元╱股。
2022 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN
References are made to the announcement dated 22 April 2022 
and the circular dated 5 May 2022 (the “2022 Circular”) of the 
Company in relation to, among others, the adoption of the Employee 
Share Ownership Plan (Draft). The adoption was approved by the 
shareholders of the Company at the extraordinary general meeting of 
the Company held on 27 May 2022.
The 2022 ESOP is a discretionary employee share ownership plan of 
the Company and does not involve the grant of options to issue new 
Shares or any other new securities of the Company.
The 2022 ESOP is beneficial for the Company to establish and 
improve the benefit sharing mechanism, enhance the cohesion of 
employees and the competitiveness of the Company, realizing its 
long-term sustainable development. Participants include employee 
representative supervisors, senior management of the Company, 
middle level management and core backbone employees of BYD 
Group (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company 
and their respective associates). The total number of participants 
of the 2022 ESOP shall not exceed 12,000, and the entitlement of 
each employee under the 2022 ESOP shall not exceed 1% of the 
Company’s total share capital. The 2022 ESOP transfers the A shares 
of the Company repurchased through non-trading transfer and 
other methods permitted by laws and regulations. The transfer price 
is RMB0 per share, and the participants do not need to make any 
payments.
5,511,024 A Shares held by the designated securities repurchase 
account of the Company have all been granted, and the closing price 
of the Company’s A shares was RMB323.00 per share on the trading 
day immediately preceding the grant date. The aforesaid number of 
shares transferred accounted for approximately 0.1813% of the total 
number of shares of the Company in issue as at 30 June 2025.
The first, second and third lock-up periods of the 2022 ESOP had 
expired on 15 July 2023, 15 July 2024 and 15 July 2025, respectively. 
40% of the total number of shares of the Company maintained under 
the 2022 ESOP were vested during the third lock-up period, which 
correspond to 2,204,410 A Shares, representing approximately 
0.0725% of the total number of shares of the Company in issue as 
at 30 June 2025. The closing price of the Company’s A shares was 
RMB318.49 per share on the trading day immediately preceding the 
aforementioned vesting date.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
38
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
由於截至二零二五年七月十八日，二零二二年員工
持股計劃所持有的公司A股股票已全部完成授予，因
此計劃將被終止，本公司將根據二零二二年員工持
股計劃的規定完成相關資產的清算和收益分配等事
宜。
二零二四年員工持股計劃
茲提述本公司日期為二零二四年十月十八日的通函
（「二零二四年通函」），內容有關（其中包括）採納本公
司二零二四年員工持股計劃（草案）
（「二零二四年員工
持股計劃」）。本公司股東於本公司二零二四年十一
月五日舉行的臨時股東會上批准採納。
二零二四年員工持股計劃為本公司的一項酌情員工
持股計劃，並不涉及授出發行新股份或本公司（或其
任何附屬公司）任何其他新證券的期權。
二零二四年員工持股計劃有利於本公司建立和完善
利益共享機制，完善企業管治結構，提高員工凝聚
力和本公司競爭力，實現企業的長遠可持續發展。
參與對象包括本集團中層管理人員及核心骨幹員
工，不包括本公司控股股東、持股5%以上股東、實
際控制人、董事、監事及高級管理人員。參與對象
的總人數不超過150人，最終人數及名單根據員工實
際繳款情況確定，不涉及公司的關連人士。
二零二四年員工持股計劃涉及通過二級市場購買（包
括但不限於集中競價交易、大宗交易、協議轉讓等）
等法律法規許可的方式取得並持有A股股票（「二零二
四年員工持股計劃標的股票」）。二零二四年員工持股
計劃標的股票以「份」作為認購單位，每份份額的認
購價格為人民幣1.00元。二零二四年員工持股計劃
份額合計不超過22,000萬份，涉及的資金總額不超
過人民幣22,000萬元。資金來源為員工合法薪酬、
自籌資金以及法律、行政法規允許的其他方式。本
公司不以任何方式為二零二四年員工持股計劃的參
與對象提供財務資助或為其貸款提供擔保，亦不涉
及第三方為員工參加本員工持股計劃提供獎勵、資
助、補貼、兜底等安排。
As at 18 July 2025, the A Shares held under the 2022 ESOP had all 
been granted, as such, the plan will be terminated. The Company 
will complete the liquidation of relevant assets and the distribution of 
proceeds in accordance with the provisions of the 2022 ESOP.
2024 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN
Reference is made to the circular dated 18 October 2024 (the “2024 
Circular”) of the Company in relation to, among others, the adoption 
of the 2024 Employee Share Ownership Plan (Draft) of the Company 
(“2024 ESOP”). The adoption was approved by the shareholders of 
the Company at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company 
held on 5 November 2024.
The 2024 ESOP is a discretionary employee share ownership plan 
of the Company and does not involve the grant of options to issue 
new Shares or any other new securities of the Company (or any of its 
subsidiaries).
The 2024 ESOP is beneficial for the Company to establish and 
improve the benefit sharing mechanism, improve the corporate 
governance structure, enhance the cohesion of employees and the 
competitiveness of the Company, realizing its long-term sustainable 
development. Participants include middle management and 
core employees of the Group and do not include the controlling 
shareholder, shareholders holding more than 5% of the Shares, the 
actual controller, directors, supervisors and senior management 
of the Company. The total number of participants shall not exceed 
150 persons and the final number and list of participants shall be 
determined based on the actual contributions made by them. No 
connected person of the Company may participate as a participant.
The 2024 ESOP involves A Shares purchased in secondary market 
(including but not limited to centralized bidding transactions, block 
transactions, transfer by agreement, etc.) and other methods 
permitted by laws and regulations (the “2024 ESOP Underlying 
Shares”). The 2024 ESOP Underlying Shares are divided into “units” 
for subscription and the subscription price for each unit is RMB1.00. 
The aggregate number of units of the 2024 ESOP shall not exceed 
220 million, and the total amount of subscription funds involved 
shall not exceed RMB220 million. The sources of funds shall be the 
legitimate remuneration of employees, self-raised funds and other 
sources permitted by laws and regulations. The Company does not 
provide financial assistance of any form to the participants or provides 
guarantees for their loans, nor does it involve any arrangement from 
any third party providing incentives, grants, subsidies or making up 
the balance to employees for their participation in the 2024 ESOP.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
39
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
二零二四年員工持股計劃已累計購買664,755股A股
股票，佔於二零二五年六月三十日本公司已發行股
份總數的0.0219%。單個員工所持二零二四年員工
持股計劃份額對應的股票總數累計不超過公司已發
行股本總額的1%。二零二四年員工持股計劃的存續
期為72個月，自二零二四年員工持股計劃經本公司
股東會審議通過且本公司公告最後一筆二零二四年
員工持股計劃標的股票購買完成之日（二零二四年十
一月二十七日）起算。倘未經延長，二零二四年員工
持股計劃將在存續期屆滿後自動終止。
二零二五年員工持股計劃
茲提述本公司日期為二零二五年三月二十一日的通
函（「二零二五年通函」），內容有關（其中包括）採納本
公司二零二五年員工持股計劃（草案）
（「二零二五年員
工持股計劃」）。本公司股東於本公司二零二五年四
月十五日舉行的臨時股東會上批准採納。
二零二五年員工持股計劃為本公司的一項酌情員工
持股計劃，並不涉及授出發行新股份或本公司（或其
任何附屬公司）任何其他新證券的期權。
二零二五年員工持股計劃有利於本公司建立和完善
利益共享機制，完善企業管治結構，提高員工凝聚
力和本公司競爭力，實現企業的長遠可持續發展。
參與對象包括本公司職工代表監事、高級管理人
員、本集團中層管理人員及核心骨幹員工，不包括
本公司控股股東、持股5%以上股東、實際控制人、
董事及最高行政人員及其聯繫人。參與對象的總人
數不超過25,000人。
A total of 664,755 A Shares had been purchased under the 2024 
ESOP, representing 0.0219% of the total number of shares of the 
Company in issue as at 30 June 2025. The total number of Shares held 
by each individual employee of the Company corresponding to his/her 
interests in the unit of the 2024 ESOP shall not in aggregate exceed 
1% of the total issued share capital of the Company. The term of the 
2024 ESOP shall be 72 months from the date on which the 2024 ESOP 
is considered and approved at the general meeting of the Company 
and the Company announces the completion of purchase of the last 
tranche of the 2024 ESOP Underlying Shares, which is 27 November 
2024. If not extended, the 2024 ESOP will be terminated automatically 
upon the expiry of its term.
2025 EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PLAN
Reference is made to the circular dated 21 March 2025 (the “2025 
Circular”) of the Company in relation to, among others, the adoption 
of the 2025 Employee Share Ownership Plan (Draft) of the Company 
(“2025 ESOP”). The adoption was approved by the shareholders of 
the Company at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company 
held on 15 April 2025.
The 2025 ESOP is a discretionary employee share ownership plan 
of the Company and does not involve the grant of options to issue 
new Shares or any other new securities of the Company (or any of its 
subsidiaries).
The 2025 ESOP is beneficial for the Company to establish and 
improve the benefit sharing mechanism, improve the corporate 
governance structure, enhance the cohesion of employees and the 
competitiveness of the Company, realizing its long-term sustainable 
development. Participants include the employee representative 
supervisors and senior management of the Company, and the middle 
management and core employees of the Group and do not include 
the controlling shareholder, shareholders holding more than 5% of 
the Shares, the actual controller, directors and chief executives and 
their respective associates of the Company. The total number of 
participants shall not exceed 25,000 persons.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
40
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
The 2025 ESOP involves A Shares purchased in secondary market 
(including but not limited to centralized bidding transactions, 
block transactions, etc.) and other methods permitted by laws and 
regulations (the “2025 ESOP Underlying Shares”). The 2025 ESOP 
Underlying Shares are divided into “units” for subscription and the 
subscription price for each unit is RMB1.00. The aggregate number 
of units of the 2025 ESOP shall not exceed 4,100 million, and the total 
amount of subscription funds involved shall not exceed RMB4,100 
million. The sources of funds shall be the incentive fund withdrawn 
by the Group, the legitimate remuneration of employees, the self-
raised funds of employees and other sources permitted by laws and 
regulations. The Company does not provide financial assistance of 
any form to the participants or provides guarantees for their loans, 
nor does it involve any arrangement from any third party providing 
incentives, grants, subsidies or making up the balance to employees 
for their participation in the 2025 ESOP.
A total of 10,714,990 A Shares had been purchased under the 
2025 ESOP during the reporting period, representing approximately 
0.3526% of the total number of shares of the Company in issue as 
at 30 June 2025. The total number of Shares held by each individual 
employee of the Company corresponding to his/her interests in the 
unit of the 2025 ESOP shall not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total 
issued share capital of the Company. The term of the 2025 ESOP shall 
be 48 months from the date on which the 2025 ESOP is considered 
and approved at the general meeting and the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 2025 ESOP 
Underlying Shares. If not extended, the 2025 ESOP will be terminated 
automatically upon the expiry of its term.
As the 2022 ESOP, the 2024 ESOP and the 2025 ESOP only involve 
existing Shares, no new Shares will be issued pursuant to the 2022 
ESOP, the 2024 ESOP and/or the 2025 ESOP. The number of Shares 
that may be issued under the 2022 ESOP, the 2024 ESOP and the 
2025 ESOP during the reporting period divided by weighted average 
number of Shares in issue for the reporting period is nil.
For details of the 2022 ESOP, the 2024 ESOP and the 2025 ESOP, 
please refer to the table below and note 11 to the financial statements 
in this report, respectively.
二零二五年員工持股計劃涉及通過二級市場購買（包
括但不限於集中競價交易、大宗交易等）等法律法規
許可的方式取得並持有本公司A股股票（「二零二五年
員工持股計劃標的股票」）。二零二五年員工持股計劃
標的股票以「份」作為認購單位，每份份額的認購價
格為人民幣1.00元。二零二五年員工持股計劃份額
合計不超過410,000萬份，涉及的資金總額不超過人
民幣410,000萬元。資金來源為集團提取的激勵基
金、員工合法薪酬、員工自籌資金以及法律、行政
法規允許的其他方式。本公司不以任何方式為二零
二五年員工持股計劃的參與對象提供財務資助或為
其貸款提供擔保，亦不涉及第三方為員工參加本員
工持股計劃提供獎勵、資助、補貼、兜底等安排。
於本報告期內，二零二五年員工持股計劃累計購買
10,714,990股A股股票，約佔於二零二五年六月三
十日本公司已發行股份總數的0.3526%。單個員工
所持二零二五年員工持股計劃份額對應的股票總數
累計不超過公司已發行股本總額的1%。二零二五年
員工持股計劃的存續期為48個月，自二零二五年員
工持股計劃經本公司股東會審議通過且本公司公告
最後一筆二零二五年員工持股計劃標的股票購買完成
之日起算。倘未經延長，二零二五年員工持股計劃
將在存續期屆滿後自動終止。
由於二零二二年員工持股計劃、二零二四年員工持
股計劃及二零二五年員工持股計劃僅涉及現有股
份，故概不會根據二零二二年員工持股計劃、二零
二四年員工持股計劃及╱或二零二五年員工持股計
劃發行新股份。於本報告期根據二零二二年員工持
股計劃、二零二四年員工持股計劃及二零二五年員
工持股計劃可能發行的股份數目除以於本報告期已
發行股份的加權平均數為零。
有關二零二二年員工持股計劃、二零二四年員工持
股計劃及二零二五年員工持股計劃的具體內容分別
詳見下方表格以及本報告財務報表附註11。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
41
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
List out below are the details of movement of the A Shares under the 
2022 ESOP, the 2024 ESOP and the 2025 ESOP during the reporting 
period:
No. of
A shares
available for
grant 
(or subscribe)/
ungranted 
(or unsubscribed)
as at
1 January 2025
No. of
unvested
A shares
granted 
(or subscribed)
during the
reporting
period
No. of
A shares
vested during
the Reporting
Period
Closing price
of A shares
immediately
preceding the
vesting date during 
the reporting
period
(RMB)
No. of
A shares
cancelled
during the
Reporting
Period
No. of
A shares
lapsed during
the reporting
period
No. of
A shares
available for
grant 
(or subscribe)/
ungranted 
(or unsubscribed)
as at 30 June 2025
Type of participants
參與對象類別
於
二零二五年
一月一日
可供授予（或認購）╱
未授予（或未認購）
A股股票數目
於本報告期內
授予（或認購）的
未解鎖A股
股票數目
於本報告期內
解鎖的A股
股票數目
於本報告期內
緊接解鎖日期前
的A股股票
收盤價
（人民幣元）
於本報告期內
註銷的A股
股票數目
於本報告期內
失效的A股
股票數目
於
二零二五年
六月三十日
可供授予（或認購）的
A股股票╱未授予
（或未認購）A股
股票數目
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ESOP
二零二二年員工持股
計劃
Employee representative 
supervisors and senior 
management of the 
Company; middle level 
management and core 
backbone employees of 
BYD Group (Note 1)
公司的職工代表 
監事、高級管理 
人員；比亞迪集團
的中層管理人員、
核心骨幹員工 
（附註1）
0
(Note 2)
（附註2）
0
(Note 2)
（附註2）
0
(Note 2)
（附註2）
N/A
不適用
(Note 2)
（附註2）
0
(Note 3)
（附註3）
0
(Note 3)
（附註3）
0
(Note 2)
（附註2）
2024 ESOP
二零二四年員工持股
計劃
Middle level management and 
core backbone employees 
of the Group (Note 1)
本集團的中層 
管理人員及核心 
骨幹員工（附註1）
0
(Note 4)
（附註4）
0
(Note 4)
（附註4）
0
(Note 4)
（附註4）
N/A 
不適用
(Note 4)
（附註4）
0
(Note 3)
（附註3）
0
(Note 3)
（附註3）
0
(Note 4)
（附註4）
2025 ESOP
二零二五年員工持股
計劃
Employee representative 
supervisors and senior 
management the 
Company and middle level 
management and core 
backbone employees of the 
Group (Note 1) 
本公司職工代表監
事、高級管理人
員、本集團中層管
理人員及核心骨幹
員工（附註1）
N/A
不適用
10,714,990
(Note 5)
（附註5）
0
(Note 5)
（附註5）
N/A 
不適用
(Note 5)
（附註5）
0
(Note 3)
（附註3）
0
(Note 3)
（附註3）
0
(Note 5)
（附註5）
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
下文載列於本報告期內二零二二年員工持股計劃、
二零二四年員工持股計劃及二零二五年員工持股計
劃項下A股股票的變動詳情：
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
42
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
Notes:
(1) 
The participants of the 2022 ESOP, the 2024 ESOP and the 2025 
ESOP do not include directors, chief executives or substantial 
shareholders of the Company or their respective associates; or any 
related entities or service providers of the Company. There were no 
participants who were granted awards exceeding a 1% individual 
limit.
(2) 
All the 5,511,024 repurchased A Shares were granted on 15 
July 2022. The closing price of the Company’s A shares was 
RMB323.00 per share on the trading day immediately preceding 
the grant date. Pursuant to the applicable accounting policy and 
based on the closing price of A Share of RMB338.18 as at the date 
of grant, the fair value of the granted shares as at the date of the 
grant was RMB1,863,773,206.56. The A Shares under the 2022 
ESOP will be unlocked in three tranches:
(a) 
The first unlocking period shall be of 12 months 
commencing from the date of the last transfer of A Shares 
by the 2022 ESOP and the relevant announcement by the 
Company, with the number of shares unlocked being 30% 
of the total number of A Shares under the 2022 ESOP;
(b) 
The second unlocking period shall be of 24 months 
commencing from the date of the last transfer of A Shares 
by the 2022 ESOP and the relevant announcement by the 
Company, with the number of shares unlocked being 30% 
of the total number of A Shares under the 2022 ESOP; 
(c) 
The third unlocking period shall be of 36 months 
commencing from the date of the last transfer of A Shares 
by the 2022 ESOP and the relevant announcement by the 
Company, with the number of shares unlocked being 40% 
of the total number of A Shares under the 2022 ESOP; and
(d) 
The unlocking and vesting of the shares granted is subject 
to the fulfillment of relevant specific conditions. For the 
specific conditions for the unlocking and vesting of the 
shares granted, please refer to the 2022 Circular.
註：
(1) 
二零二二年員工持股計劃、二零二四年員工持
股計劃及二零二五年員工持股計劃參與對象均
不含本公司董事、最高行政人員或主要股東又
或其各自的聯繫人；不含本公司關連實體參與
者或服務提供者；沒有任何參與對象獲得超過 
1%個人限額的獎勵。
(2) 
5,511,024股回購A股股票已於二零二二年七月
十五日全部授予。緊接授予日前一交易日本公
司A股股票收盤價為人民幣323.00元╱股。根據
適用會計政策及基於授予日期的A股股票收盤價
人民幣338.18元，於授予日期，授予股票的公
允價值為人民幣1,863,773,206.56元。二零二二
年員工持股計劃持有的本公司A股股票分三批解
鎖：
(a) 
第一個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
A股股票過戶至二零二二年員工持股計
劃名下之日起算滿12個月，解鎖數量為
二零二二年員工持股計劃所持有A股股
票總數的30%；
(b) 
第二個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
A股股票過戶至二零二二年員工持股計
劃名下之日起算滿24個月，解鎖數量為
二零二二年員工持股計劃所持有A股股
票總數的30%；
(c) 
第三個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
A股股票過戶至二零二二年員工持股計
劃名下之日起算滿36個月，解鎖數量為
二零二二年員工持股計劃所持有A股股
票總數的40%；及
(d) 
授予股票需滿足相關具體條件才可解鎖
及歸屬。關於授予股票解鎖及歸屬的具
體標準，請參閱二零二二年通函。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
43
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
(3) 
於本報告期內，二零二二年員工持股計劃、二
零二四年員工持股計劃及二零二五年員工持股
計劃並無任何A股股票被註銷或失效。
(4) 
二零二四年員工持股計劃使用員工合法薪酬及
自籌資金於二級市場購買標的股票已於二零二
四年十一月二十七日完成，合計購買664,755
股A股股票。所有標的股票已全部於二零二四年
十一月二十七日完成認購。緊接全部完成認購
日期前一交易日本公司A股股票收盤價為人民幣
281.01元╱股。根據適用會計政策及基於認購
日期的A股股票收盤價人民幣281.00元╱股，於
全部完成認購日期，認購股票的公允價值為人
民幣186,796,155元。
二零二四年員工持股計劃持有的A股股票分五批
解鎖：
(a) 
第一個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二四年十
一月二十七日）起算滿12個月，解鎖數
量為二零二四年員工持股計劃所持有標
的股票總數的20%；
(b) 
第二個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二四年十
一月二十七日）起算滿24個月，解鎖數
量為二零二四年員工持股計劃所持有標
的股票總數的20%；
(c) 
第三個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二四年十
一月二十七日）起算滿36個月，解鎖數
量為二零二四年員工持股計劃所持有標
的股票總數的20%；
(d) 
第四個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二四年十
一月二十七日）起算滿48個月，解鎖數
量為二零二四年員工持股計劃所持有標
的股票總數的20%；
(e) 
第五個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二四年十
一月二十七日）起算滿60個月，解鎖數
量為二零二四年員工持股計劃所持有標
的股票總數的20%。
(3) 
No A Shares were cancelled or lapsed under the 2022 ESOP, the 
2024 ESOP and the 2025 ESOP during the reporting period.
(4) 
The purchase of the underlying shares based on employees’ 
legitimate remuneration and self-raised funds in secondary market 
under the 2024 ESOP was completed on 27 November 2024, 
in which an aggregate of 664,755 A Shares was purchased. All 
underlying shares were fully subscribed on 27 November 2024. 
The closing price of the Company’s A shares was RMB281.01 
per share on the trading day immediately preceding the date 
of completion of full subscription. Pursuant to the applicable 
accounting policy and based on the closing price of A Shares of 
RMB281.00 per share on the subscription date, the fair value of the 
subscribed shares as at the date of completion of full subscription 
was RMB186,796,155.
The A Shares under the 2024 ESOP will be unlocked in five 
tranches:
(a) 
The first unlocking period shall be after 12 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 27 November 2024), with the 
number of shares to be unlocked being 20% of the total 
number of underlying shares under the 2024 ESOP;
(b) 
The second unlocking period shall be after 24 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 27 November 2024), with the 
number of shares to be unlocked being 20% of the total 
number of underlying shares under the 2024 ESOP;
(c) 
The third unlocking period shall be after 36 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 27 November 2024), with the 
number of shares to be unlocked being 20% of the total 
number of underlying shares under the 2024 ESOP;
(d) 
The fourth unlocking period shall be after 48 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 27 November 2024), with the 
number of shares to be unlocked being 20% of the total 
number of underlying shares under the 2024 ESOP;
(e) 
The fifth unlocking period shall be after 60 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 27 November 2024), with the 
number of shares to be unlocked being 20% of the total 
number of underlying shares under the 2024 ESOP.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
44
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
(5) 
二零二五年員工持股計劃於二級市場購買標的
股票已於二零二五年五月二十三日完成，合計
購買10,714,990股A股股票。所有標的股票已
全部於二零二五年五月二十三日完成認購。緊
接全部完成認購日期前一交易日本公司A股股票
收盤價為人民幣398.80元╱股。根據適用會計
政策及基於認購日期的A股股票收盤價人民幣
405.00元╱股，於全部完成認購日期，認購股
票的公允價值為人民幣4,339,570,950元。
二零二五年員工持股計劃持有的A股股票分三批
解鎖：
(a) 
第一個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二五年五
月二十三日）起算滿12個月，解鎖數量
為二零二五年員工持股計劃所持有標的
股票總數的30%；
(b) 
第二個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二五年五
月二十三日）起算滿24個月，解鎖數量
為二零二五年員工持股計劃所持有標的
股票總數的30%；
(c) 
第三個解鎖期，自本公司公告最後一筆
標的股票購買完成之日（二零二五年五
月二十三日）起算滿36個月，解鎖數量
為二零二五年員工持股計劃所持有標的
股票總數的40%；
(d) 
授予股票需滿足相關具體條件才可解鎖
及歸屬。關於授予股票解鎖及歸屬的具
體標準，請參閱二零二五年通函；及
(e) 
二零二五年員工持股計劃第一個解鎖期
解鎖公司層面的業績指標為以二零二四
年營業收入為基數，二零二五年的營業
收入增長率不低於10%。個人層面的考
核指標為：(1)業績考核為待改進的，
個人層面解鎖比例為80%；(2)業績考核
為達標及以上的，個人層面解鎖比例為
100%。
(5) 
The purchase of underlying shares in secondary market under 
the 2025 ESOP was completed on 23 May 2025, in which an 
aggregate of 10,714,990 A Shares was purchased. All underlying 
shares were fully subscribed on 23 May 2025. The closing price 
of the Company’s A shares was RMB398.80 per share on the 
trading day immediately preceding the date of completion of full 
subscription. Pursuant to the applicable accounting policy and 
based on the closing price of A Shares of RMB405.00 per share on 
the subscription date, the fair value of the subscribed shares as at 
the date of completion of full subscription was RMB4,339,570,950.
The A Shares under the 2025 ESOP will be unlocked in three 
tranches:
(a) 
The first unlocking period shall be after 12 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 23 May 2025), with the number of 
shares to be unlocked being 30% of the total number of 
underlying shares under the 2025 ESOP;
(b) 
The second unlocking period shall be after 24 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 23 May 2025), with the number of 
shares to be unlocked being 30% of the total number of 
underlying shares under the 2025 ESOP;
(c) 
The third unlocking period shall be after 36 months 
commencing from the date when the Company announces 
the completion of purchase of the last tranche of the 
underlying shares (i.e. 23 May 2025), with the number of 
shares to be unlocked being 40% of the total number of 
underlying shares under the 2025 ESOP;
(d) 
The unlocking and vesting of the shares to be granted is 
subject to the fulfillment of relevant specific conditions. For 
the specific conditions for the unlocking and vesting of the 
shares, please refer to the 2025 Circular; and
(e) 
In particular, the company performance indicator for the 
first unlocking of shares under the 2025 ESOP is the growth 
rate of operating income for the year of 2025 compared 
with the year of 2024 should reach at least 10%, and the 
individual performance indicator should reach (1) “to be 
improved” to be 80% unlocked, (2) “qualified” to be 100% 
unlocked.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
45
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
子公司股權期權計劃
茲提述本公司日期為二零二一年五月十一日的公告
及日期為二零二一年五月三十一日的通函（「二零二一
年通函」），內容有關（其中包括）建議採納子公司股權
期權計劃。股東於本公司於二零二一年六月十六日
舉行的臨時股東大會上批准採納子公司股權期權計
劃。該子公司股權期權計劃不構成上市規則十七章
下規定的主要子公司股權期權計劃。
子公司股權期權計劃旨在（其中包括）進一步建立及
完善比亞迪半導體的激勵機制、挽留及激勵人才以
及允許全體參與方聚焦比亞迪半導體的長期發展並
共同促進其可持續發展。
子公司股權期權計劃有36名參與者，包括比亞迪半
導體董事（不包括獨立非執行董事）、高級管理層及
關鍵人員（不包括監事）。子公司股權期權計劃乃僅
為上述36名參與者量身定制的一次性激勵安排。概
無子公司股權期權計劃的36名激勵參與者乃本公司
層面的關連人士。有關上述參與者的身份及職位，
請參閱二零二一年通函。
涉及股權期權的比亞迪半導體股份數目為
33,088,235股（於本報告日期佔比亞迪半導體註冊股
本的7.353%）。子公司股權期權計劃項下涉及的比
亞迪半導體累計股份總數及比亞迪半導體所有其他
計劃不應超過比亞迪半導體於二零二一年六月十六
日（本公司臨時股東大會批准子公司股權期權計劃之
日）已發行股本總額的10%。根據子公司股權期權計
劃的條款及條件按行權價格每股人民幣4.54元授予
比亞迪半導體36名僱員合共33,088,235份股權期權
（即子公司股權期權計劃項下可授予的所有股權期
權）。
SUBSIDIARY SHARE OPTION SCHEME
References are made to the announcement dated 11 May 2021 and 
the circular dated 31 May 2021 (the “2021 Circular”) of the Company 
in relation to, among others, the proposed adoption of the Subsidiary 
Share Option Scheme. The adoption of the Subsidiary Share Option 
Scheme was approved by the shareholders at the extraordinary 
general meeting of the Company held on 16 June 2021. The 
Subsidiary Share Option Scheme does not constitute a share option 
scheme of a principal subsidiary under Chapter 17 of the Listing 
Rules.
The purpose of the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme is to, among 
others, further establish and improve the incentive mechanism of BYD 
Semiconductor, retain and motivate talents, and allow all participants 
to focus on the long-term development of BYD Semiconductor and 
jointly promote its sustainable development.
There are 36 participants in the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme, 
including directors (excluding independent non-executive directors), 
senior management and key personnel (excluding supervisors) of BYD 
Semiconductor. The Subsidiary Share Option Scheme is tailored to be 
a one-off incentive arrangement for the aforesaid 36 participants only. 
None of the 36 incentive participants of the Subsidiary Share Option 
Scheme is a connected person at the Company level. For details of 
the identity and positions of the aforesaid participants, please refer to 
the 2021 Circular.
The number of shares of BYD Semiconductor in respect of which the 
share options involved is 33,088,235 shares (representing 7.353% 
of the registered share capital of BYD Semiconductor as at the date 
of this report), and the cumulative total number of shares of BYD 
Semiconductor involved under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme 
and all other schemes of BYD Semiconductor shall not exceed 10% 
of the total share capital of BYD Semiconductor in issue on 16 June 
2021, which was the date of approval of the Subsidiary Share Option 
Scheme by the extraordinary general meeting of the Company. An 
aggregate of 33,088,235 share options, representing all the share 
options which could be granted under the Subsidiary Share Option 
Scheme, were granted to 36 employees of BYD Semiconductor 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Subsidiary Share Option 
Scheme at the exercise price of RMB4.54 per share.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
46
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
根據子公司股權期權計劃授予的股權期權應分三期
行使，相應等待期應自授予日期起分別為24個月、
36個月及48個月。於計劃有效期內，314,627份股權
期權因僱員辭任而失效並註銷，子公司股權期權計
劃第一個行權期的可行權股權期權為9,826,411份，
其中6,218,756份股權期權獲行權，剩餘3,607,655份
股權期權因逾期未行權已註銷。子公司股權期權計
劃的有效期自股權期權授予日起至激勵對象獲授的
股權期權全部行權或註銷之日止。於二零二四年五
月十一日，比亞迪半導體董事會及股東決議註銷子
公司股權期權計劃第二及第三個行權期已授出但未
行權的所有股權期權（即22,928,295份股權期權）。根
據計劃條款，該計劃已於同日起不再有效。截至二
零二五年六月三十日，該計劃已不再有效，且子公
司股權期權計劃項下並無尚未行使的股權期權。
除所披露者外，於截至二零二五年六月三十日止六
個月，概無股權期權獲行使、失效或註銷。
有關行使期、作為股權期權行使條件的績效考核目
標及子公司股權期權計劃的進一步詳情，請參閱二
零二一年通函及本報告的財務報表附註11。
The share options granted under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme 
shall be exercised in three tranches, and the corresponding vesting 
periods shall be 24 months, 36 months and 48 months, respectively, 
from the grant date. During the term of the scheme, 314,627 share 
options had been lapsed and cancelled as a result of the resignation 
of an employee, and there were 9,826,411 share options available 
for exercise under the first exercise period of the Subsidiary Share 
Option Scheme, of which 6,218,756 share options had been exercised 
and the remaining 3,607,655 share options had been cancelled 
as they were not exercised during the exercise period. The validity 
period of the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme commenced from the 
grant date of the share options and ended on the date on which all 
the share options granted to the incentive participants have been 
exercised or cancelled. On 11 May 2024, the board and shareholders 
of BYD Semiconductor have resolved to cancel all share options (i.e. 
22,928,295 share options) granted but have not been exercised in 
the second and third exercise period of the Subsidiary Share Option 
Scheme. Pursuant to the terms of the scheme, it has ceased to be 
effective since the same date. As at 30 June 2025, the scheme was 
no longer effective and there were no outstanding share options under 
the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme.
Save as disclosed, no share options had been exercised, lapsed or 
cancelled during the six months ended 30 June 2025.
For further details of the exercise period, performance appraisal 
objectives (as conditions of the exercise of the share options) and the 
Subsidiary Share Option Scheme, please refer to the 2021 Circular 
and note 11 to the financial statements in this report.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
47
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
股本
於二零二五年六月三十日，本公司的股本如下：
附註：
其中包括根據本中期報告上文所詳述二零二二年員工持
股計劃，通過回購專用證券賬戶以集中競價交易的方式
回購並以非交易過戶方式過戶至二零二二年員工持股計
劃專用證券賬戶2,204,410股A股股份。
報告期後，於二零二五年七月二十九日，根據於
二零二五年六月六日舉行的本公司股東週年大會
上經本公司股東批准的二零二四年度利潤分配及
資本公積金轉增股本方案，本公司因紅股發行及
資本化發行合計發行6,078,131,710股新股份（包括
3,622,531,710股新A股及2,455,600,000股新H股）。
進一步詳情，請參閱下文「二零二四年度利潤分配及
資本公積金轉增股本方案」一段。本公司於本報告日
期的股本如下：
SHARE CAPITAL
As of 30 June 2025, the share capital of the Company is as follows:
Number of 
shares in issue
Approximate 
percentage (%)
已發行股份數目
約佔百分比(%)
 
 
 
 
A Shares
A股
1,811,265,855  (Note) （附註）
59.60
H Shares
H股
1,227,800,000
40.40
 
 
 
 
Total
總數
3,039,065,855
100.00
 
 
 
 
Note:
Of which 2,204,410 A Shares were purchased A Shares which were 
held through the designated securities account for repurchase by way 
of centralized bidding transactions and transferred to the designated 
securities account for the 2022 ESOP by ways of non-trade transfer 
pursuant to the 2022 ESOP as detailed above in this interim report. 
Subsequent to the reporting period, on 29 July 2025, the Company 
had issued an aggregate of 6,078,131,710 new Shares (comprising 
3,622,531,710 new A Shares and 2,455,600,000 new H Shares) as a 
result of the Bonus Issue and Capitalization Issue pursuant to the 2024 
Profit Distribution Plan and Capital Reserve Capitalization Plan which 
was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual 
general meeting of the Company held on 6 June 2025. For further 
details, please refer to the paragraph headed “2024 Profit Distribution 
Plan and Capital Reserve Capitalization Plan” below. The share capital 
of the Company as at the date of this report is as follows:
Number of 
shares issued
Approximate 
percentage (%)
已發行股份數目
約佔百分比(%)
 
 
 
 
A Shares
A股
5,433,797,565
59.60
H Shares
H股
3,683,400,000
40.40
 
 
 
 
Total
總數
9,117,197,565
100.00
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
48
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT HELD AND MATERIAL 
ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, 
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
During the reporting period, there was no significant investment held, 
material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures.
CAPITAL COMMITMENT
Please refer to note 13 to the financial statements for details of 
capital commitments. As at the date of this report, there are currently 
no concrete plans to acquire any material investment or capital 
assets other than those conducted in the Group’s ordinary course of 
business. 
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Please refer to note 12 to the financial statements for details of 
contingent liabilities.
FUND RAISING AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
During the reporting period, the Company entered into a placing 
agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) with Goldman Sachs (Asia) 
L.L.C., UBS AG Hong Kong Branch and CLSA Limited (the “Placing 
Agents”) on 3 March 2025 (“Placing Agreement Date”) in relation to 
the placing of 129,800,000 new H Shares (the “Placing”).
The Placing Price is HK$335.2 per Placing Share, representing: (a) 
a discount of approximately 11.8% to the average closing price of 
HK$380.1 per H Share as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
for the last 10 consecutive trading days up to and including the 
Placing Agreement Date, being the date on which the material terms 
of the Placing were fixed; (b) a discount of approximately 12.3% to 
the average closing price of HK$382.2 per H Share as quoted on the 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the last 5 consecutive trading days 
up to and including the Placing Agreement Date; and (c) a discount 
of approximately 7.8% to the closing price of HK$363.6 per H Share 
as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Placing Agreement 
Date. The Placing Shares represent approximately 11.82% of the 
number of H Shares in issue as at the Placing Agreement Date, being 
1,098,000,000 H Shares, and approximately 4.46% of the number of 
total issued Shares as at the Placing Agreement Date. The Placing 
Shares represent approximately 10.57% of the number of issued H 
Shares and approximately 4.27% of the number of total issued Shares, 
in each case, as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the Placing 
Shares. The aggregate nominal value of the Placing Shares under the 
Placing is RMB129,800,000.
所持重大投資及重大收購及出售附屬公司、
聯營公司及合營公司 
於本報告期內，概無所持重大投資及重大收購及出
售附屬公司、聯營公司及合營公司。
資本承擔
有關資本承擔業務的詳情，請參閱財務報表附註
13。於本報告日期，除於本集團日常業務過程中所
進行者外，本集團目前並無收購任何重大投資或資
本資產的具體計劃。
或有負債
有關或有負債的詳情，請參閱財務報表附註12。
籌集資金及所得款項用途
於本報告期內，本公司與高盛（亞洲）有限責任公
司、UBS AG Hong Kong Branch及中信里昂證券有
限公司（「配售代理」）於二零二五年三月三日（「配售
協議日期」）訂立了配售協議（「配售協議」），有關配售
129,800,000股新H股（「配售事項」）。
每股配售股份的配售價335.2港元：(a)較香港聯交所
所報配售協議日期前（即配售事項的主要條款訂立日
期，含該日）最後連續十個交易日之平均收市價每股
H股380.1港元折讓約11.8%；(b)較香港聯交所所報
配售協議日期前（含該日）最後連續五個交易日之平
均收市價每股H股382.2港元折讓約12.3%；及(c)較
配售協議日期於香港聯交所所報之收市價每股H股
363.6港元折讓約7.8%。配售股份相當於於配售協議
日期已發行1,098,000,000股H股的約11.82%，及於
配售協議日期已發行股份總數的約4.46%。配售股
份約佔經擴大已發行H股數目約10.57%及配售股份
配發及發行後經擴大已發行股份總數的約4.27%。
配售事項的配售股份總面額為人民幣129,800,000
元。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
49
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
配售代理向不少於六名承配人配售配售股份，承配
人為獨立專業、機構及╱或其他投資者。承配人及
其最終實益擁有人為獨立於本公司、本公司之關連
人士、本公司或其任何附屬公司之任何董事、監
事、最高行政人員或主要股東或彼等各自之聯繫人
並概無關連的第三方。配售事項已於二零二五年
三月十一日完成。配售事項為本公司進一步提升技
術實力、提速出海進程，亦通過吸引若干高品質機
構投資者參與配售事項，進一步豐富本公司股東基
礎。配售事項的進一步詳情於本公司日期為二零二
五年三月四日及二零二五年三月十一日的公告中披
露。
配售事項所得款項總額約為43,509百萬港元，於扣
除佣金和估計費用後，配售事項所得款項淨額約為
43,383百萬港元（相當於約人民幣40,075百萬元）。
每股H股募集的淨價（扣除佣金及預計開支後）約為
334.2港元。於二零二五年六月三十日，所有所得款
項淨額的動用情況如下：
附註： 動用餘下所得款項淨額的預期時限乃基於對未
來市場狀況以及本集團的經營策略及發展的最
佳估計作出。所得款項淨額（及建議動用餘下所
得款項淨額）乃根據本公司先前披露的意向獲動
用。
The Placing Agents placed the Placing Shares to not less than six 
placees who are independent professional, institutional and/or other 
investors. The placees and their ultimate beneficial owners are 
third parties independent of and not connected with the Company, 
connected persons of the Company and any of the Directors, 
supervisors, chief executives or substantial shareholder(s) of the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective associates. The 
Placing was completed on 11 March 2025. The Placing will strengthen 
the Company’s capacity to further advance its technological 
capabilities and accelerate its overseas expansion. Further, the 
Company will be able to enrich its shareholder base by attracting 
a number of high calibre investors to participate in the Placing. 
Further details of the Placing were disclosed in the Company’s 
announcements dated on 4 March 2025 and 11 March 2025. 
The aggregate gross proceeds from the Placing are approximately 
HK$43,509 million and the aggregate net proceeds (after deduction 
of the commissions and estimated expenses) from the Placing 
are approximately HK$43,383 million (representing approximately 
RMB40,075 million); the net price (after deduction of the commissions 
and estimated expenses) raised per H Share is approximately 
HK$334.2. As at 30 June 2025, the status of the use of the net 
proceeds are as follows:
Intended and actual 
use of net proceeds 
Approximate 
amount of net 
proceeds utilitzed 
during the 
reporting period 
(RMB million)
Approximate 
amount of 
unutilitzed net 
proceeds 
(RMB million)
Expected timeline 
for utilising the 
remaining net 
proceeds (Note)
所得款項淨額擬定及實際用途
於本報告期內
已動用所得款項
概約淨額
（人民幣百萬元）
未動用所得款項
概約淨額
（人民幣百萬元）
動用餘下所得款項
淨額的預期時限（附註）
 
 
 
 
Investment in research and development and 
 for general corporate purpose
13,178
–
N/A 不適用
研發投入及一般企業用途
Expansion of the overseas businesses of the Group
本集團海外業務擴展
8,928
10,769
By 31 December 2025
於二零二五年十二月三十一日前
Working capital
營運資金
7,200
–
N/A 不適用
 
 
 
 
Note: 
The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining net proceeds 
is based on the best estimation of future market conditions and 
the operational strategy and development of the Group. The 
net proceeds were used (and the remaining net proceeds are 
proposed to be used) according to the intentions previously 
disclosed by the Company.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
50
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
除本報告所披露者外，於截至二零二五年六月三十
日止六個月及截至本報告日期，本公司並無進行任
何其他集資活動。
二零二四年度利潤分配及資本公積金轉增股
本方案
茲提述本公司日期為二零二五年四月二十二日的公
告，內容有關取消董事會於二零二五年三月二十四
日批准的二零二四年度利潤分配方案（涉及分派本公
司二零二四年度末期股息，進一步詳情載於日期為
二零二五年三月二十四日的年度業績公告、本公司
二零二四年年報及末期股息表格）以及涉及分派二零
二四年度末期股息、紅股發行及資本化發行的二零
二四年度利潤分配及資本公積金轉增股本方案。
鑒於本公司整體經營及財務狀況等因素，為與全體
股東分享本公司經營發展成果，董事會於二零二五
年四月二十二日舉行的董事會會議上通過《關於審議
公司二零二四年度利潤分配及資本公積金轉增股本
方案的議案》以推薦採納二零二四年度利潤分配及資
本公積金轉增股本方案如下：以二零二五年四月二
十二日的股份總數3,039,065,855股為基數，
(1) 
向全體股東每十(10)股股份派現金股息人民
幣39.74元（含稅）；公司向全體股東分派的現
金紅利總額約為人民幣12,077,248千元；
(2) 
按每持有十(10)股已發行股份獲發八(8)股紅
股之基準發行紅股；及
(3) 
按每持有十(10)股已發行股份獲發十二(12)股
資本化發行股份之基準以資本公積金轉增股
本方式發行股份。
Save as disclosed in this report, the Company did not have any other 
fund-raising activity during the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 
up to the date of this report.
2024 PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN AND CAPITAL 
RESERVE CAPITALIZATION PLAN 
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 22 
April 2025 in relation to the cancellation of the 2024 Profit Distribution 
Plan approved by the Board on 24 March 2025 (which involves the 
distribution of the 2024 final dividend of the Company as further 
detailed in the annual results announcement, the 2024 annual report 
of the Company and the final dividend form dated 24 March 2025) and 
the 2024 Profit Distribution Plan and Capital Reserve Capitalization 
Plan which involves the distribution of the 2024 final dividend, the 
Bonus Issue and Capitalization Issue.
Having considered factors including the operation and financial 
conditions of the Company as a whole and in order to share the 
results of the operation and development of the Company with all 
Shareholders, the Board passed the “Resolution on 2024 Profit 
Distribution Plan and Capital Reserve Capitalization Plan (《關於審議公
司2024年度利潤分配及資本公積金轉增股本方案的議案》)” at a Board 
meeting held on 22 April 2025 to recommend the adoption of the 2024 
Profit Distribution Plan and Capital Reserve Capitalization Plan as 
follows: based on the total number of issued Shares of 3,039,065,855 
as at 22 April 2025, with
(1) 
distribution of a cash dividend of RMB39.74 per ten (10) 
Shares (including tax) to all Shareholders with the total amount 
of cash dividends to be distributed by the Company to all 
Shareholders being approximately RMB12,077,248,000;
(2) 
issue of Bonus Shares on the basis of eight (8) Bonus Shares 
for every ten (10) Shares in issue; and
(3) 
issue of Shares on the basis of twelve (12) Capitalization 
Shares for every ten (10) Shares in issue by way of 
capitalization of capital reserve.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
51
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
本公司股東於二零二五年六月六日舉行的本公司股
東週年大會上批准二零二四年度利潤分配及資本公
積金轉增股本方案。於本報告期後，於二零二五年
七月二十九日：
(i) 
合計分派約人民幣12,077,248千元作為二零
二四年度末期股息；
(ii) 
根據紅股發行配發2 , 4 3 1 , 2 5 2 , 6 8 4 股新
股份（包括1,449,012,684股A股紅股及
982,240,000股H股紅股）；及
(iii) 
根據資本化發行配發3,646,879,026股新股
份（包括2,173,519,026股資本化發行Ａ股及
1,473,360,000股資本化發行H股）。
緊隨紅股發行及資本化發行完成後，因合共增加
6,078,131,710股新股份（包括3,622,531,710股新A股
及2,455,600,000股新H股），故本公司已發行股份總
數增加至9,117,197,565股股份，包括5,433,797,565
股A股及3,683,400,000股H股。
有關二零二四年度利潤分配及資本公積金轉增股本
方案的進一步詳情，請參閱本公司日期為二零二五
年四月二十二日及二零二五年六月六日的公告以及
本公司日期為二零二五年五月七日的通函。
資產負債表日後事項
有關資產負債表日後事項的詳情，除以上「二零二四
年度利潤分配及資本公積金轉增股本方案」一節的披
露外，請參閱財務報表附註16。
The 2024 Profit Distribution Plan and Capital Reserve Capitalization 
Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual 
general meeting of the Company held on 6 June 2025. Subsequent to 
the reporting period, on 29 July 2025:
(i) 
an aggregate of approximately RMB12,077,248,000 was 
distributed as 2024 final dividend;
(ii) 
2,431,252,684 new shares (comprising 1,449,012,684 Bonus A 
Shares and 982,240,000 Bonus H Shares) were allotted, under 
the Bonus Issue; and
(iii) 
3,646,879,026 new shares (comprising 2,173,519,026 
Capitalization A Shares and 1,473,360,000 Capitalization H 
Shares) were allotted, under the Capitalization Issue.
Immediately upon completion of the Bonus Issue and Capitalization 
Issue, the total number of Shares in issue of the Company was 
increased to 9,117,197,565 Shares (comprising 5,433,797,565 A 
Shares and 3,683,400,000 H Shares) as a result of the increase of an 
aggregate of 6,078,131,710 new Shares (comprising 3,622,531,710 
new A Shares and 2,455,600,000 new H Shares).
For further details of the 2024 Profit Distribution Plan and Capital 
Reserve Capitalization Plan, please refer to the announcements of the 
Company dated 22 April 2025 and 6 June 2025 and the circular of the 
Company dated 7 May 2025.
EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
Save as disclosed in the section headed “2024 Profit Distribution Plan 
and Capital Reserve Capitalization Plan” above, please refer to note 
16 to the financial statements for details of events after the balance 
sheet date.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
52
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE 
(THE “CODE”)
The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) is committed to 
maintaining and ensuring high standards of corporate governance 
practices.
The Company has put in place corporate governance practices to 
comply with all the provisions and most of the recommended best 
practices of the Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules, 
except for the deviation from the code provisions C.2.1 and C.1.5.
Code Provision C.2.1
Code provision C.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief 
executive should be separate and should not be performed by the 
same individual.
Mr. Wang Chuan-fu is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 
the Company. The Board considers that this structure will not impair 
the balance of power and authority between the Board and the 
management. The Board comprises experienced and high caliber 
individuals and meets regularly to discuss issues affecting operations 
of the Group. The balance of power and authority is ensured by 
the operation of the Board. The Board believes that this structure is 
conducive to strong and consistent leadership, enabling the Group 
to make and implement decisions promptly and efficiently. The Board 
has full confidence in Mr. Wang and believes that his appointment to 
the posts of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is beneficial to the 
business development of the Company.
Code Provision C.1.5
Code provision C.1.5 stipulates that independent non-executive 
directors and non-executive directors should attend general meetings. 
Some of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive 
Directors did not attend the extraordinary general meeting held 
on 15 April 2025 due to other affairs at the relevant time. All of the 
independent non-executive Directors and non-executive Directors 
attended the annual general meeting held on 6 June 2025.
企業管治
遵守企業管治守則（「守則」） 
本公司董事會（「董事會」）致力維持並確保企業管治常
規處於高水平。
本公司已實施企業管治常規，以遵照上市規則附錄
C1所載守則的所有條文及大部分建議最佳應用守
則，惟偏離守則條文第C.2.1條及C.1.5條者除外。
守則條文C.2.1
守則條文C.2.1規定主席與行政總裁的角色應有區
分，並不應由一人同時兼任。
王傳福先生為本公司的主席兼行政總裁。董事會認
為此架構不會影響董事會與管理層兩者之間的權利
和職權的平衡。董事會由極具經驗和才幹的成員組
成，並定期開會，以商討影響本集團運作的事項。
透過董事會的運作，足以確保權利和職權得到平
衡。董事會相信此架構有助於建立穩健而一致的領
導權，使本集團能夠迅速及有效地作出及實施各
項決定。董事會對王先生充滿信心，相信委任他出
任主席兼行政總裁之職，會有利於本公司的業務發
展。
守則條文C.1.5
守則條文第C.1.5條規定，獨立非執行董事及非執行
董事應出席股東會。鑒於部分非執行董事及獨立非
執行董事在相關時間因有其他公務，故並非均出席
於二零二五年四月十五日舉行的臨時股東會。獨立
非執行董事及非執行董事均出席於二零二五年六月
六日舉行的股東週年大會。
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
53
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
遵守上市公司董事進行證券交易的標準守則 
本公司已採用上市規則附錄C3所載的上市公司董事
進行證券交易的標準守則（「標準守則」）作為董事進行
證券交易的操守守則。經向全體董事作出特定查詢
後，各董事確認在本期間內已遵守標準守則的規定
標準。
根據上市規則第13.51B(1)條進行的披露 
於本報告期內，概無資料須根據上市規則第
13.51B(1)條予以披露。
買賣或贖回本公司上市證券 
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月，本公司或其
任何附屬公司概無其他買賣或贖回本公司任何上市
證券（包括庫存股（如適用））。
董事會多元化政策
董事會已採用多元化政策，其中載有董事會多元化
之方針。本公司認同董事會成員多元化對企業管治
及董事會行之有效的重要性，董事會成員多元化政
策旨在列載為達致董事會成員多元化而採取的方
針，以確保董事會根據本公司業務所需具備適當的
技能、經驗及多元化觀點。本公司董事會及提名
委員會在設定董事會成員組合時，會從多方面考慮
董事會成員多元化，包括但不限於性別、年齡、文
化及教育背景、專業經驗、技能及知識。董事會所
有委任均以用人唯才為原則，並以客觀準則考慮人
選，充分顧及董事會多元化的裨益。
COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES 
TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS OF LISTED COMPANIES
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions 
by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in 
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding 
securities transactions by the Directors. Having made specific enquiry 
of all Directors, each of the Directors has confirmed compliance with 
the required standard set out in the Model Code during the Period.
DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING 
RULES
There is no information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the reporting period.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S 
LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold 
or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including the 
treasury shares, as applicable) during the six months ended 30 June 
2025.
THE BOARD’S DIVERSITY POLICY
The Board has adopted the Board Diversity Policy, which sets out 
the approach to the diversity of Board. The Company recognises the 
importance of diversity to corporate governance and an effective 
Board. The Board Diversity Policy aims to set out the approach to 
achieve Board diversity, so as to ensure that the Board members 
possess appropriate skills, experience and diverse views necessary 
for the business of the Company. In determining the Board 
composition, the Board and Nomination Committee of the Company 
consider a range of diversity elements, including but not limited to 
gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional 
experience, skills and knowledge. All appointments of the Board will 
be made based on merit and objective criteria while taking into full 
account the interest of the Board’s diversity.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
54
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
甄選人選將基於一系列多元化觀點及將定期審閱的
可計量目標。這些可計量目標包括但不限於性別、
年齡、文化背景、教育背景、專業經驗、技能、知
識及╱或服務年期等。最終將按所選人選的優點及
其將為董事會帶來的貢獻而作出決定。此外，根據
守則第B.1.3守則條文，董事會應每年檢討發行人的
董事會多元化政策的實施情況及有效性。提名委員
會已履行其年內上述職責，包括甄選人選及審閱公
司的董事會多元化政策的實施情況及有效性。經考
慮本公司業務及發展需求，提名委員會認為現任董
事會在技能、經驗、知識、服務年限及獨立性方面
充分表現多樣化格局。
本公司董事會的可計量目標之一乃於董事會中包含
至少一名女性董事。於本報告期內，本屆董事會其
中一名董事為女性，董事會將繼續採取積極措施，
確保董事會成員保持性別多元化，並著重將性別納
入本公司實現董事會多元化的考量因素之一。
審核委員會
本公司董事會下的審核委員會於二零二五年八月二
十九日召開會議，審閱本集團採用的會計政策及慣
例，並討論核數、內部監控、風險管理及財務申報
事宜（包括截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月的未
經審計財務報表），其後方向董事會建議批准有關事
宜。
The selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity 
elements and measurable objectives which will be reviewed regularly. 
Such measurable objectives shall include, but be not limited to, 
gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional 
experience, skills, knowledge and/or terms of service. The final 
decision will be made according to the strengths of the candidate 
and his/her contribution that would bring to the Board. Furthermore, 
pursuant to code provision B.1.3 of the Code, the Board should 
review the implementation and effectiveness of the issuer’s policy on 
board diversity on an annual basis. The Nomination Committee has 
performed the above duties in terms of selection of candidates and 
review of the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s 
diversity policy during the year. Having considered the business 
and development needs of the Company, the Nomination Committee 
considers that the current Board is sufficiently diversified in terms of 
its skills, experience, knowledge, length of service and independence.
It is one of the measurable objectives of the Board to include at least 
one female director in the Board. During the reporting period, one 
member of the current session of the Board was female. The Board 
will continue to take proactive measures to ensure the gender diversity 
of Board members, and will emphasise on including gender as one 
of the factors to be taken into consideration by the Company for 
achieving Board diversity.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
A meeting was convened by the Company’s audit committee of the 
Board on 29 August 2025 to review the accounting policies and 
practices adopted by the Group and to discuss auditing, internal 
control, risk management and financial reporting matters (including 
reviewing the unaudited financial statements for the six months ended 
30 June 2025) before recommending them to the Board for approval.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
55
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
審核委員會已審閱本集團截至二零二五年六月三十
日止六個月的未經審計業績。
中期股息
董事會不建議派付截至二零二五年六月三十日止六
個月期間的中期股息（截至二零二四年六月三十日止
六個月：無）。
董事、監事及最高行政人員權益 
於二零二五年六月三十日，本公司董事、監事及最
高行政人員各自於本公司或任何相聯法團（定義見香
港法例第571章證券及期貨條例（「證券及期貨條例」）
第XV部）的股份、相關股份及債券中擁有根據證券及
期貨條例第XV部第7及8分部須知會本公司及香港聯
交所的權益及淡倉（包括根據證券及期貨條例有關條
文持有或被視為擁有的權益），或根據證券及期貨條
例第352條須記錄於指定登記冊，或根據香港聯交所
證券上市規則的上市公司董事進行證券交易的標準
守則須知會本公司及香港聯交所的權益（就此目的而
言，證券及期貨條例的相關條文將詮釋為適用於監
事）如下：
每股面值人民幣1.00元的A股
(L) – 好倉
The audit committee has reviewed the unaudited results of the Group 
for the six months ended 30 June 2025.
INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the distribution of interim dividend for 
the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months ended 30 June 
2024: Nil).
DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ 
INTERESTS
As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of each of the 
Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company in the 
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any 
associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)) 
which were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the 
SFO (including interests which he is taken or deemed to have under 
such provisions of the SFO) or were required, pursuant to Section 352 
of the SFO, to be entered into the register referred to therein, or which 
were required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions 
by Directors of Listed Issuers under the Rules Governing the Listing 
of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, to be notified to the 
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (for this purpose, the 
relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they applied to 
the supervisors) were as follows:
A shares of RMB1.00 each
Name
姓名
Number of
A shares
A股數目
Approximate
percentage of
shareholding
in total issued
A shares(note) (%)
持股量佔已發行
A股總數的
概約百分比（附註）(%)
Approximate
percentage of
shareholding
in total
issued share
capital(note) (%)
持股量佔已發行
股本總額的
概約百分比（附註）(%)
 
 
 
 
 
Wang Chuan-fu (Director and President)
王傳福（董事兼總裁）
513,623,850 (L)
(Note 1)
（附註1）
28.36
16.90
Lv Xiang-yang (Director)
呂向陽（董事）
394,378,222 (L)
(Note 2)
（附註2）
21.77
12.98
Xia Zuo-quan (Director)
夏佐全（董事）
82,635,607 (L)
4.56
2.72
Zhu Ai-yun (Supervisor)
朱愛云（監事）
615,965 (L)
0.03
0.02
 
 
 
 
 
(L) – Long Position
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
56
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
附註：
1. 
在該513,623,850股A股之中，不包含王先生通
過易方達資產比亞迪增持1號資產管理計劃持有
的3,727,700股A股股份。
2. 
在該394,378,222股A股之中，239,228,620股A
股由呂先生以個人身份持有及155,149,602股A
股由融捷投資控股集團有限公司（「融捷投資」，
前稱為廣州融捷投資管理集團有限公司）持有。
融捷投資則由呂先生及其配偶分別持有89.5%及
10.5%股權，因此根據證券及期貨條例，呂先生
被視為於該155,149,602股A股中擁有權益。
每股人民幣1.00元的H股
(L) – 好倉
附註：
於500,000股H股之中，夏先生以實益擁有人身份
持有195,000股H股，而由夏先生全資擁有的Sign 
Investments Limited則持有305,000股H股。
除上述披露者外，於二零二五年六月三十日，概無
本公司董事、監事或最高行政人員於本公司或其任
何相聯法團（定義見證券及期貨條例第XV部）的股
份、相關股份或債權證中擁有權益或淡倉而須(a)記
錄於本公司根據證券及期貨條例第352條存置的登記
冊內；或(b)根據上市公司董事進行證券交易的標準
守則須知會本公司及香港聯交所。
Notes:
1. 
The 513,623,850 A shares did not include the 3,727,700 A shares 
held by Mr. Wang in No.1 Assets Management Plan through E 
Fund BYD.
2. 
Of the 394,378,222 A shares, 239,228,620 A shares were held by 
Mr. Lv in his personal capacity and 155,149,602 A shares were 
held by Youngy Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd. (融捷投資
控股集團有限公司) (“Youngy Investment”, formerly known as 
Guangzhou Youngy Management & Investment Group Company 
Limited (廣州融捷投資管理集團有限公司)). Youngy Investment 
was in turn held by Mr. Lv and his spouse as to 89.5% and 10.5% 
of equity interests, respectively. Mr. Lv was therefore deemed to 
be interested in the 155,149,602 A shares under the SFO.
H shares of RMB1.00 each
Name
姓名
Number of 
H shares 
H股數目
Approximate 
percentage of 
shareholding in 
total issued 
H shares (%)
持股量佔已發行
H股總數的
概約百分比(%)
Approximate
 percentage of 
shareholding
in total issued 
share capital (%)
持股量佔已發行
股本總額的
概約百分比(%)
 
 
 
 
 
Wang Chuan-fu (Director and President)
王傳福（董事兼總裁）
1,000,000 (L)
0.08
0.03
Xia Zuo-quan (Director)
夏佐全（董事）
500,000 (L)
(Note)
（附註）
0.04
0.02
 
 
 
 
 
(L) – Long Position Note:
Note:
Of the 500,000 H shares, 195,000 H shares were held by Mr. Xia as a 
beneficial owner and 305,000 H shares were held by Sign Investments 
Limited, which was wholly-owned by Mr. Xia.
Saved as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors, 
supervisors or chief executives of the Company had any interest or 
short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the 
Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning 
of Part XV of the SFO) which was required to be (a) recorded in 
the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of 
the SFO; or (b) notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock 
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by 
Directors of Listed Issuers.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
57
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
擁有須予知會權益的股東
於二零二五年六月三十日，就本公司董事所知（根據
相關人士於聯交所披露易所作出的權益披露），以下
人士（不包括本公司董事、監事及最高行政人員）於
本公司股份及相關股份中擁有根據證券及期貨條例
第XV部第2及3分部須向本公司及香港聯交所披露或
根據證券及期貨條例第336條載入本公司存置的登記
冊的權益或淡倉：
1、 
每股面值人民幣1.00元的A股
(L) – 好倉
附註：
融捷投資由本公司非執行董事呂向陽先生擁有89.5%權
益。因此，根據證券及期貨條例，呂先生被視為於融捷
投資持有的155,149,602股A股中擁有權益。
SHAREHOLDERS WITH NOTIFIABLE INTERESTS
As at 30 June 2025, to the knowledge of the Directors of the Company 
based on the disclosure of interests made by relevant persons on the 
HKEXnews website, the following persons (other than the Directors, 
supervisors and chief executives of the Company) had interests or 
short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company 
which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part 
XV of the SFO, or were required to be entered in the register kept by 
the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:
1. 
A shares of RMB1.00 each
Name
名稱
Number of
A shares
A股數目
Approximate
percentage of
shareholding in
total issued
A shares (%)
持股量佔已發行
A股總數的
概約百分比(%)
Approximate
percentage of
shareholding
in total issued
share capital (%)
持股量佔已發行
股本總額的
概約百分比(%)
 
 
 
 
 
Youngy Investment (Note)
融捷投資（附註）
155,149,602 (L)
8.57
5.11
 
 
 
 
 
(L) – Long Position
Note:
Youngy Investment is owned by Mr. Lv Xiang-yang, a non-executive 
Director of the Company, as to 89.5%. Mr. Lv is therefore deemed to be 
interested in the 155,149,602 A shares held by Youngy Investment under 
the SFO.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
管理層討論及分析
58
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
2、 
每股面值人民幣1.00元的H股
(L) – 好倉
(S) – 淡倉
附註：
BlackRock, Inc.的權益乃通過其各控制公司持有，其中
1,227,500股好倉及1,259,505股淡倉為現金結算非上市
衍生工具。BlackRock, Inc.於上述呈列H股數目已預先
考慮本公司二零二四年度利潤分配及資本公積金轉增股
本方案下之紅股發行及資本化發行（實際上截至二零二
五年六月三十日未完成有關分派）。
於二零二五年六月三十日，本公司已發行股本總額
為人民幣3,039,065,855元，分為1,811,265,855股每
股面值人民幣1.00元的A股及1,227,800,000股每股
面值人民幣1.00元的H股，全部為實收資本。
2. 
H shares of RMB1.00 each
Name
名稱
Number of 
H shares 
H股數目
Approximate 
percentage of 
shareholding 
in total issued 
H shares (%)
持股量佔已發行
H股總數的
概約百分比(%)
Approximate 
percentage of 
shareholding
in total 
issued share 
capital (%)
持股量佔已發行
股本總額的
概約百分比(%)
 
 
 
 
 
BlackRock, Inc. (Note)
BlackRock, Inc. （附註）
229,584,635 (L)
6.23
2.51
1,259,505 (S)
0.03
0.01
 
 
 
 
 
(L) – Long Position
(S) – Short position
Note:
The interests of BlackRock, Inc. were held through its various controlled 
corporations, and of which 1,227,500 shares (L) and 1,259,505 shares (S) 
were cash settled unlisted derivatives. The number of H shares presented 
above by BlackRock, Inc. has taken into consideration the bonus issue 
and capitalization issue under the 2024 Profit Distribution Plan and Capital 
Reserve Capitalization Plan of the Company (though such distribution had 
not been actually completed as at 30 June 2025).
The total issued share capital of the Company as at 30 June 2025 was 
RMB3,039,065,855, divided into 1,811,265,855 A shares of RMB1.00 
each and 1,227,800,000 H shares of RMB1.00 each, all fully paid up.
Consolidated Balance Sheet
合併資產負債表
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
59
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
Note
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
附註
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
 
Assets
資產
Current assets
流動資產
Monetary funds
貨幣資金
 111,734,283
102,738,734
Financial assets held for trading
交易性金融資產
35,694,505
40,511,496
Derivative financial assets
衍生金融資產
–
35,093
Purchases of financial assets under resale 
agreements
買入返售金融資產
4,720
392,472
Trade receivables
應收賬款
7
43,381,542
62,298,988
Receivables financing
應收款項融資
7,810,231
10,449,966
Other receivables
其他應收款
4,620,945
3,616,030
Prepayments
預付款項
5,665,391
3,974,023
Inventories
存貨
140,839,351
116,036,237
Contract assets
合同資產
1,249,271
1,410,541
Long-term receivables due within one year
一年內到期的長期應收款
12,403,204
11,379,480
Other current assets
其他流動資產
27,232,017
17,729,184
 
 
 
 
 
Total current assets
流動資產合計
390,635,460
370,572,244
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets
非流動資產
Long-term receivables
長期應收款
10,709,541
10,206,134
Long-term equity investments
長期股權投資
20,353,959
19,082,496
Other equity instrument investments
其他權益工具投資
8,369,539
8,501,093
Other non-current financial assets
其他非流動金融資產
3,051,233
2,655,245
Investment properties
投資性房地產
59,374
60,228
Fixed assets
固定資產
280,794,676
262,287,302
Construction in progress
在建工程
35,606,548
19,954,343
Right-of-use assets
使用權資產
9,665,615
10,575,072
Intangible assets
無形資產
41,062,499
38,423,925
Development expenditures
開發支出
1,792,011
508,038
Goodwill
商譽
4,427,571
4,427,571
Long-term deferred expenditures
長期待攤費用
4,536,454
5,006,717
Deferred tax assets
遞延所得稅資產
10,767,098
8,559,492
Other non-current assets
其他非流動資產
24,511,065
22,535,955
 
 
 
 
 
Total non-current assets
非流動資產合計
455,707,183
412,783,611
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets
資產總計
846,342,643
783,355,855
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Consolidated Balance Sheet
合併資產負債表
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
60
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
Note
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
附註
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities
負債
Current liabilities
流動負債
Short-term borrowings
短期借款
16,107,126
12,103,272
Derivative financial liabilities
衍生金融負債
129,564
1,993
Bills payables
應付票據
8
1,471,593
2,383,996
Trade payables
應付賬款
9
235,214,038
241,643,424
Contract liabilities
合同負債
48,908,232
43,729,585
Employee benefits payables
應付職工薪酬
21,087,968
21,843,196
Tax payables
應交稅費
4,935,464
10,096,912
Other payables
其他應付款
156,609,341
144,989,197
Provision
預計負債
4,194,456
3,547,165
Non-current liabilities due within one year
一年內到期的非流動負債
9,576,998
10,222,575
Other current liabilities
其他流動負債
15,121,012
5,423,861
 
 
 
 
 
Total current liabilities
流動負債合計
513,355,792
495,985,176
 
 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities
非流動負債
Long-term borrowings
長期借款
5,496,374
8,257,786
Lease liabilities
租賃負債
9,006,873
9,875,967
Deferred tax liabilities
遞延所得稅負債
2,321,355
2,787,484
Other non-current liabilities
其他非流動負債
71,412,057
67,761,233
 
 
 
 
 
Total non-current liabilities
非流動負債合計
88,236,659
88,682,470
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities
負債合計
601,592,451
584,667,646
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Consolidated Balance Sheet
合併資產負債表
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
61
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
財務報表由以下人士簽署：
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
Note
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
附註
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders’ equity
股東權益
Shareholders’ equity
股東權益
Share capital
股本
10
3,039,066
2,909,266
Other equity instrument
其他權益工具
21,713,195
14,894,442
 Including: Perpetual bond
 其中：永續債
21,713,195
14,894,442
Capital reserve
資本公積
100,425,189
60,679,406
Less: treasury shares
減：庫存股
4,712,239
723,968
Other comprehensive income
其他綜合收益
2,291,262
1,440,616
Special reserve
專項儲備
30,869
29,461
Surplus reserve
盈餘公積
7,374,087
7,374,087
Undistributed profit
未分配利潤
102,004,934
98,647,794
 
 
 
 
 
Total shareholders’ equity attributable to the 
parent company
歸屬於母公司股東權益合計
232,166,363
185,251,104
Non-controlling interests
少數股東權益
12,583,829
13,437,105
 
 
 
 
 
Total shareholders’ equity
股東權益合計
244,750,192
198,688,209
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity
負債和股東權益總計
846,342,643
783,355,855
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
The financial statement was signed by the following persons:
 
 
 
Legal representative:
Chief Financial Officer:
Head of Accounting Department:
Wang Chuan-fu
Zhou Ya-lin
Liu Hui
法定代表人：
主管會計工作負責人：
會計機構負責人：
王傳福
周亞琳
劉惠
Consolidated Income Statement
合併利潤表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
62
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
Note
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
附註
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
(Restated)
（經重述）
 
 
 
 
 
I. 
Operating revenue
一、 營業收入
4
371,280,948
301,126,713
Less:  Operating costs
減：營業成本
4
304,415,089
244,577,008
Tax and surcharge
稅金及附加
5,996,077
5,294,231
Selling expenses
銷售費用
12,410,973
10,599,925
Administrative expenses
管理費用
10,386,267
7,694,969
Research and development 
 expenses
研發費用
29,596,366
19,620,756
Finance expenses
財務費用
(3,247,033)
69,006
 Including: Interest expenses
 其中：利息費用
972,045
1,116,060
Interest income
利息收入
1,078,159
1,192,620
Add: Other income
加： 其他收益
6,621,747
4,824,359
Investment gain
投資收益
1,375,879
1,209,337
Including:  Investment gains  
 in associates and  
 joint ventures
  其中： 對聯營企業和合營企 
 業的投資收益
654,547
913,659
Loss on derecognition of 
 financial assets measured 
 at amortised cost
  以攤餘成本計量的金融 
 資產終止確認損失
(47,946)
–
Gains from changes in fair value
公允價值變動收益
373,458
347,721
Impairment losses on credit
信用減值損失
(102,848)
(789,516)
Impairment losses on asset
資產減值損失
(1,254,303)
(1,531,034)
Losses from disposal of assets
資產處置損失
(17,633)
(8,409)
 
 
 
 
 
II. 
Operating profit
二、 營業利潤
18,719,509
17,323,276
Add: Non-operating income
加：營業外收入
805,131
476,512
Less: Non-operating expenses
減：營業外支出
614,625
571,650
 
 
 
 
 
III. 
Total profit
三、 利潤總額
18,910,015
17,228,138
Less: Income tax expenses
減：所得稅費用
5
2,871,076
3,114,922
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Consolidated Income Statement
合併利潤表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
63
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
Note
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
附註
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
(Restated)
（經重述）
 
 
 
 
 
IV. 
Net profit
四、 淨利潤
16,038,939
14,113,216
 
 
 
 
 
V. 
Classified by continuity of operation
五、 按經營持續性分類
Net profit from continuing operations
持續經營淨利潤
16,038,939
14,113,216
 
 
 
 
 
VI. 
Classified by ownership
六、 按所有權歸屬分類
Net profit attributable to shareholders 
 of the parent company
歸屬於母公司所有者的淨利潤
15,510,533
13,631,257
 
 
 
 
 
Non-controlling interests
少數股東損益
528,406
481,959
 
 
 
 
 
VII. 
Earnings per share (RMB/share)
七、 每股收益（元╱股）
Basic earnings per share
基本每股收益
6
1.71
1.56
 
 
 
 
 
Diluted earnings per share
稀釋每股收益
6
1.71
1.56
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Consolidated Income Statement
合併利潤表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
64
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
Note
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
附註
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
(Restated)
（經重述）
 
 
 
 
 
VIII. 
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
八、 其他綜合收益╱（虧損）
856,060
(511,977)
Other comprehensive loss that cannot be 
 reclassified to profit or loss
不能重分類進損益的其他綜合虧損
Changes in fair value of other equity 
 instrument investments
其他權益工具投資公允價值變動
(142,007)
(621,795)
Income tax impact
所得稅影響
44,864
160,296
 
 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that  
 will be reclassified to profit or loss
將重分類進損益的 
 其他綜合收益╱（虧損）
Exchange difference on foreign currency 
 translation
外幣報表折算差額
942,345
(32,475)
Changes in fair value of receivables financing
應收款項融資公允價值變動
5,444
(1,758)
Reserve for cash flow hedge
現金流量套期儲備
–
(19,707)
Other comprehensive income attributable to 
 non-controlling interests, net of tax
歸屬於少數股東的其他綜合收益的
 稅後淨額
5,414
3,462
 
 
 
 
 
IX. 
Total comprehensive income
九、 綜合收益總額
16,894,999
13,601,239
 
 
 
 
 
Among which:
其中：
 Total comprehensive income 
  attributable to shareholders of 
  the parent company
 歸屬於母公司股東的綜合收益總額
16,361,179
13,115,818
 
 
 
 
 
 Total comprehensive income 
  attributable to non-controlling interests
 歸屬於少數股東的綜合收益總額
533,820
485,421
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity
合併股東權益變動表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
65
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
Shareholders’ equity attributable to the parent company
歸屬於母公司股東權益
 
Share 
capital
Other 
equity 
instruments
Capital 
reserve
Less: 
Treasury 
shares
Other 
comprehensive 
income
Special 
reserve
Surplus 
reserve
Undistributed 
profit
Sub-total
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
shareholders’
 equity
股本
其他權益工具
資本公積
減：庫存股
其他綜合收益
專項儲備
盈餘公積
未分配利潤
小計
少數股東權益
股東權益合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I. 
Opening balance for the period
一、 本期期初餘額
2,909,266
14,894,442
60,679,406
723,968
1,440,616
29,461
7,374,087
98,647,794
185,251,104
13,437,105
198,688,209
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
II. 
Amount of change in the current period
二、 本期增減變動金額
(I) 
Total comprehensive income
（一） 綜合收益總額
–
–
–
–
850,646
–
–
15,567,329
16,417,975
533,820
16,951,795
1 
Amounts incurred for the period
1 
本期發生
–
–
–
–
907,442
–
–
15,510,533
16,417,975
–
16,417,975
2 
Others
2 
其他
–
–
–
–
(56,796)
–
–
56,796
–
–
–
(II) 
Capital contribution and reduction by  
 shareholders
（二） 股東投入和減少資本
1 
Ordinary shares contributed by  
 shareholders
1 
股東投入的普通股
129,800
–
39,944,968
–
–
–
–
–
40,074,768
112,000
40,186,768
2 
Share-based payment  
 recognized in shareholders’  
 equity (note 11)
2 
股份支付計入股東 
 權益的金額 
 （附註十一）
–
–
392,079
–
–
–
–
–
392,079
–
392,079
3 
Capital contribution by other  
 equity instruments holders
3 
其他權益工具持有 
 者投入資本
–
16,748,087
–
–
–
–
–
–
16,748,087
–
16,748,087
4 
Capital reduction by other  
 equity instruments holders
4 
其他權益工具持有 
 者減少資本
–
(9,929,334)
(70,666)
–
–
–
–
–
(10,000,000)
–
(10,000,000)
5 
Effect of the grant and vesting  
 of restricted shares
5 
授予和解鎖限制性 
 股票影響
–
–
–
3,988,271
–
–
–
–
(3,988,271)
–
(3,988,271)
6 
Others
6 
其他
–
–
(520,598)
–
–
–
–
–
(520,598)
(1,060,886)
(1,581,484)
(III) Profit distribution
（三） 利潤分配
1 
Distribution to shareholders
1 
對股東的分配
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
(12,077,248)
(12,077,248)
(438,210)
(12,515,458)
2 
Distribution to other equity  
 instruments holders
2 
對其他權益工具 
 持有者的分配
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
(132,941)
(132,941)
–
(132,941)
(IV) Special reserve
（四） 專項儲備
Appropriation for the period
本期提取
–
–
–
–
–
1,408
–
–
1,408
–
1,408
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
III. 
Closing balance for the period
三、 本期期末餘額
3,039,066
21,713,195
100,425,189
4,712,239
2,291,262
30,869
7,374,087
102,004,934
232,166,363
12,583,829
244,750,192
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間（未經審計）
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity
合併股東權益變動表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
66
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
截至二零二四年六月三十日止六個月期間（未經審計）
Shareholders’ equity attributable to the parent company
歸屬於母公司股東權益
 
Share 
capital
Capital 
reserve
Less:
 Treasury 
shares
Other 
comprehensive 
income
Special 
reserve
Surplus 
reserve
Undistributed 
profit
Sub-total
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
shareholders’ 
equity
股本
資本公積
減：庫存股
其他綜合收益
專項儲備
盈餘公積
未分配利潤
小計
少數股東權益
股東權益合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I. 
Opening balance for the period
一、 本期期初餘額
2,911,143
62,041,774
1,266,944
603,663
22,370
7,374,087
67,123,972
138,810,065
11,652,048
150,462,113
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
II. 
Amount of change in the current period
二、 本期增減變動金額
(I) 
Total comprehensive income
（一） 綜合收益總額
–
–
–
(515,439)
–
–
13,631,257
13,115,818
485,421
13,601,239
(II) 
Capital contribution and reduction by  
 shareholders
（二） 股東投入和減少資本
1 
Ordinary shares contributed by  
 shareholders
1 
股東投入的普通股
(1,877)
(398,151)
–
–
–
–
–
(400,028)
98,000
(302,028)
2 
Share-based payment recognized 
  in shareholders’ equity  
(note 11)
2 
股 份支付計入股東權
益的金額 
（附註十一）
–
270,449
–
–
–
–
–
270,449
3,471
273,920
3 
Others
3 
其他
–
(282)
–
–
–
–
–
(282)
–
(282)
(III) Profit distribution
（三） 利潤分配
1 
Distribution to shareholders
1 
對股東的分配
–
–
–
–
–
–
(9,012,243)
(9,012,243)
(415,066)
(9,427,309)
(IV) Special reserve
（四） 專項儲備
Appropriation for the period
本期提取
–
–
–
–
3,425
–
–
3,425
–
3,425
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
III. 
Closing balance for the period
三、 本期期末餘額
2,909,266
61,913,790
1,266,944
88,224
25,795
7,374,087
71,742,986
142,787,204
11,823,874
154,611,078
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
合併現金流量表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
67
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
Note
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
附註
(未經審計)
(未經審計)
 
 
 
 
 
I. 
Cash flows from operating activities:
一、 經營活動產生的現金流量：
Cash received from sales of goods and 
 provision of services
銷售商品、提供服務收到的現金
402,581,644
297,083,766
Tax rebates received
收到的稅費返還
8,717,878
6,797,295
Cash received from other activities relating to 
 operations
收到其他與經營活動有關的現金
11,435,207
7,132,449
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total of cash inflows from operating 
 activities
經營活動現金流入小計
422,734,729
311,013,510
 
 
 
 
 
Cash paid for goods and services
購買商品、接受服務支付的現金
279,759,478
217,491,368
Cash paid to and on behalf of employees
支付給職工以及為職工支付的現金
64,426,198
50,466,622
Cash paid for various types of taxes
支付的各項稅費
31,494,335
19,325,411
Cash paid for other activities relating to 
 operations
支付其他與經營活動有關的現金
15,221,247
9,551,799
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total of cash outflows from operating 
 activities
經營活動現金流出小計
390,901,258
296,835,200
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flow from operating activities
經營活動產生的現金流量淨額
31,833,471
14,178,310
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
合併現金流量表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
68
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
Note
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
附註
(未經審計)
(未經審計)
 
 
 
 
 
II. 
Cash flows from investing activities:
二、 投資活動產生的現金流量：
Cash received from disposal of investments
收回投資收到的現金
40,997
16,500
Cash received from disposals of joint ventures 
 or associates
處置合營或聯營公司所收到的現金
–
13,898
Cash received from gains in investment
取得投資收益收到的現金
307,446
351,307
Net cash received from disposals of 
 subsidiaries and other operating entities
處置子公司及其他營業單位收到的
 現金淨額
66,961
2,497
Net cash received from disposals of fixed 
 assets, intangible assets and other long-
 term assets
處置固定資產、無形資產和其他
 長期資產收回的現金淨額
1,372,011
310,810
Cash received from other activities relating to 
 investments
收到其他與投資活動有關的現金
17,662,221
470,000
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total of cash inflows from investing 
 activities
投資活動現金流入小計
19,449,636
1,165,012
 
 
 
 
 
Cash paid for purchase and construction of 
 fixed assets, intangible assets and other 
 long-term assets
購建固定資產、無形資產和其他
 長期資產支付的現金
80,524,516
47,225,661
Cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries
 and other operating entities, net
收購子公司及其他營業單位支付的
 現金淨額
183,492
–
Cash paid for investments
投資支付的現金
1,331,702
1,753,172
Cash paid for other activities relating to 
 investments
支付其他與投資活動有關的現金
11,905,673
8,060,254
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total of cash outflows from investing 
 activities
投資活動現金流出小計
93,945,383
57,039,087
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flows used in investing activities
投資活動使用的現金流量淨額
(74,495,747)
(55,874,075)
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
合併現金流量表
Six months ended 30 June 2025
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月期間
RMB’000 人民幣千元
69
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
Note
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
附註
(未經審計)
(未經審計)
 
 
 
 
 
III. 
Cash flows from financing activities:
三、 籌資活動產生的現金流量：
Cash received from capital injection
吸收投資收到的現金
40,221,768
98,000
 Including: Cash received by subsidiaries  
 from capital contributions of  
 minority shareholders
 其中： 子公司吸收少數股東投資 
 收到的現金
147,000
98,000
Cash received from borrowings
取得借款收到的現金
24,295,394
13,260,782
Cash received from bonds issuance
發行債券收到的現金
9,999,048
–
Cash contribution by other equity  
 instrument holders
其他權益工具持有者投入
 的現金
17,000,000
–
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total of cash inflows from financing 
 activities
籌資活動現金流入小計
91,516,210
13,358,782
 
 
 
 
 
Cash paid for repayment of debts
償還債務支付的現金
23,761,503
23,687,916
Cash payments for distribution of dividends, 
 profits or interest expenses
分配股利、利潤或償付利息支付的
 現金
474,212
333,758
 Including: I nterests paid to other equity  
 owners
 其中： 支付給其他權益所有者 
 利息
250,417
–
Cash paid for redemption of perpetual bonds
贖回永續債支付的現金
10,000,000
–
Cash paid relating to other financing activities
支付其他與籌資活動有關的現金
7,622,756
1,695,532
 
 
 
 
 
Sub-total of cash outflows from financing 
 activities
籌資活動現金流出小計
41,858,471
25,717,206
 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flows from/(used in) financing  
 activities
 籌資活動產生╱（使用）的現金流量
 淨額
49,657,739
(12,358,424)
 
 
 
 
 
IV. 
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  
 on cash and cash equivalents
四、 匯率變動對現金及現金等價物的 
 影響
464,775
(230,984)
 
 
 
 
 
V. 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash  
 and cash equivalents
五、 現金及現金等價物淨增加/（減少）額
7,460,238
(54,285,173)
Add:  balance of cash and cash equivalents  
 at the beginning of the period
加：期初現金及現金等價物餘額
102,256,542
108,511,745
 
 
 
 
 
VI. 
Balance of cash and cash equivalents  
 at the end of the period
六、 期末現金及現金等價物餘額
109,716,780
54,226,572
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial 
statements
後附財務報表附註為本財務報表的組成部分
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
70
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
1. 
CORPORATE INFORMATION
BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock limited 
company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the 
“PRC”). The Company’s H shares have been listed on The 
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since 31 July 2002. The 
registered office of the Company is located at Yan An Road, 
Kuichong, Dapeng District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, 
the PRC.
2. 
BASIS OF PREPARATION
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises 
— Basic Standard” issued by the Ministry of Finance and 
the specific accounting standards, application guidelines, 
interpretations and other relevant regulations issued and 
revised thereafter (collectively known as the “ASBE”). In 
addition, relevant financial information as required under the 
“Compilation Rules for Information Disclosures by Companies 
Offering Securities to the Public No. 15 — General Provisions 
on Financial Reports” has been disclosed in the financial 
statements.
The financial statements are prepared on a going concern 
basis. As at 30 June 2025, the Group had net current liabilities 
of RMB122,720,332,000. In view of such circumstances, the 
management of the Company has given consideration to the 
future liquidity and financial resources available to the Group, 
which mainly include the net cash flows generated from the 
Group’s operating activities and sufficient financial credit 
facilities, in assessing whether the Group will have sufficient 
financial resources to continue as a going concern, and will 
not have any going concern issue as a result of the shortage of 
working capital. Therefore, the management of the Company 
is of the opinion that it is appropriate to prepare the financial 
statements on a going concern basis.
1、 
公司資料
比亞迪股份有限公司（「本公司」）是在中華人
民共和國（「中國」）登記的股份有限公司。本
公司的H股自二零零二年七月三十一日起在
香港聯合交易所有限公司上市。本公司的註
冊辦事處位於中國廣東省深圳市大鵬新區葵
湧鎮延安路。
2、 
編製基礎
本財務報表按照財政部頒佈的《企業會計準
則 – 基本準則》以及其後頒佈及修訂的具體
會計準則、應用指南、解釋以及其他相關規
定（統稱「企業會計準則」）編製。此外，本財
務報表還按照《公開發行證券的公司信息披
露編報規則第15號––財務報告的一般規定》
披露有關財務信息。
本財務報表以持續經營為基礎列報。截至二
零二五年六月三十日，本集團淨流動負債為
人民幣122,720,332千元，鑒於這種情況，
本公司管理層在評估本集團是否具備足夠財
務資源以持續經營時，已考慮本集團的未來
流動資金狀況以及可動用的財務資源，主要
包括本集團經營活動產生的現金流量淨額和
擁有充足的金融信貸額度，不會因營運資金
的短缺而面臨有關持續經營方面的問題，因
此，本公司管理層認為以持續經營為基礎編
製本財務報表是適當的。
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
71
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
3、 
分部報告
(1) 
經營分部
出於管理目的，本集團根據產品和服
務劃分業務單元。本集團目前有二個
報告分部，分別如下：
a) 
手機部件、組裝及其他產品分
部包括製造和銷售外殼等手機
及電子產品部件並提供整機組
裝服務；
b) 
汽車、汽車相關產品及其他產
品分部包括製造和銷售汽車、
汽車相關的模具及零部件、汽
車租賃和汽車的售後服務、汽
車動力電池、鋰離子電池、光
伏產品以及鐵電池產品、軌道
交通及其相關業務。
管理層出於配置資源和評價業績的決
策目的，對各業務單元的經營成果分
開進行管理。分部業績以報告的分部
利潤為基礎進行評價。該指標系對利
潤總額進行調整後的指標，除不包括
公允價值變動損益、財務費用（除租
賃負債利息支出和匯兌損益）、營業
外收入、其他收益、資產處置損失、
營業外支出、投資收益（除對聯營企
業和合營企業的投資收益外）、銷售
房產收入、對應的成本和稅費以及
本公司作為集團總部發生的管理費
用之外，該指標與本集團利潤總額是
一致的。
分部資產不包括遞延所得稅資產、商
譽、交易性金額資產、其他權益工具
投資、其他非流動金融資產、投資性
房地產和本公司作為集團總部佔用的
資產，原因在於這些資產均由本集團
統一管理。
3. 
SEGMENT REPORTING
(1) 
Operating segment
For management purposes, the Group is organised into 
business units based on their products and services. 
The Group currently has two reportable segments as 
follows:
a) 
the mobile handset components, assembly 
service and other products segment comprises 
the manufacture and sale of mobile handset 
components such as housings and electronic 
components and the provision of assembly 
services;
b) 
the automobiles and related products and other 
products segment comprises the manufacture 
and sale of automobiles and auto-related molds 
and components and automobile leasing and 
after sales services, automobile power batteries, 
lithium-ion batteries, photovoltaic products 
and iron battery products, rail transport and its 
related business.
Management monitors the results of the Group’s 
operating segments separately for the purpose of 
making decisions about resources allocation and 
performance assessment. Segment performance is 
evaluated based on reportable segment profit. The 
adjusted profit before tax is measured consistently 
with the Group’s profit before tax except that gains or 
losses arising from changes in fair value, finance costs 
(excluding interest expenses on lease liabilities and 
exchange gains or losses), non-operating income, other 
income, losses on disposal of assets, non- operating 
expenses, investment income (excluding investment 
income from associates and joint ventures), income 
from sales of properties, the corresponding costs 
and tax expenses, as well as administrative expenses 
incurred by the Company as the Group’s headquarter 
are excluded from such measurement.
Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets, goodwill, 
financial assets held for trading, other equity instrument 
investments, other non-current financial assets, 
investment properties and assets occupied by the 
Company as the Group’s headquarter as these assets 
are managed on a group basis.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
72
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
3、 
分部報告（續）
(1) 
經營分部（續）
分部負債不包括遞延所得稅負債、應
交稅費、其他流動負債、其他非流動
負債、短期借款、長期借款、應付債
券、其他應付款中的應付利息和應付
股利、交易性金融負債和本公司作為
集團總部而負擔的負債，原因在於這
些負債均由本集團統一管理。
經營分部間的轉移定價，按照經營分
部間的協議價格制定。
3. 
SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(1) 
Operating segment (continued)
Segment liabilities exclude deferred income tax 
liabilities, tax payable, other current liabilities, other 
non-current liabilities, short-term borrowings, long-
term borrowings, bonds payable, interest payable and 
dividends payable in other payables, financial liabilities 
held for trading and liabilities assumed by the Company 
as the Group’s headquarter as these liabilities are 
managed on a group basis.
Transfer pricing in operating segments is determined 
with reference to the agreed price among operating 
segments.
Mobile
handset
components, 
assembly 
service and 
other products
Automobiles
and related
products and
other products
Adjustments
and
eliminations
Total
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 
(Unaudited)
截至二零二五年六月三十日
止六個月期間（未經審計）
手機部件、
組裝及
其他產品
汽車、
汽車相關產品
及其他產品
調整和抵銷
合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from external trading
對外交易收入
68,743,903
302,506,271
30,774
371,280,948
Revenue from inter-segment trading
分部間交易收入
12,691,059
2,095,846
(14,786,905)
–
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
81,434,962
304,602,117
(14,756,131)
371,280,948
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income from investment in joint ventures  
and associates
對合營和聯營企業的投資收益
–
654,547
–
654,547
Depreciation and amortization
折舊及攤銷
2,593,356
34,194,211
524,101
37,311,668
Total profit
利潤總額
1,334,834
12,804,937
4,770,244
18,910,015
Income tax expense
所得稅費用
169,684
2,701,392
–
2,871,076
Capital expenditure (Note)
資本性支出（註）
2,439,221
75,030,724
421,456
77,891,401
 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
截至二零二五年六月三十日 
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets
資產總額
76,005,442
721,435,763
48,901,438
846,342,643
Total liabilities
負債總額
44,852,198
507,150,656
49,589,597
601,592,451
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other disclosures
其他披露
Long-term equity investments in joint ventures 
and associates
對合營和聯營企業的長期股權 
投資
–
20,353,959
–
20,353,959
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
73
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
3、 
分部報告（續）
(1) 
經營分部（續）
註： 
資本性支出包括固定資產、無
形資產等長期資產的增加。
3. 
SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(1) 
Operating segment (continued)
Mobile 
handset 
components, 
assembly 
service and 
other products
Automobiles
and related
products and
other products
Adjustments
and
eliminations
Total
For the six months ended 30 June 2024 
(Unaudited)
截至二零二四年六月三十日
止六個月期間（未經審計）
手機部件、
組裝及
其他產品
汽車、
汽車相關產品
及其他產品
調整和抵銷
合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from external trading
對外交易收入
72,778,443
228,316,903
31,367
301,126,713
Revenue from inter-segment trading
分部間交易收入
6,619,862
1,717,729
(8,337,591)
–
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
79,398,305
230,034,632
(8,306,224)
301,126,713
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income from investment in joint ventures and 
associates
對合營和聯營企業的投資收益
–
913,659
–
913,659
Depreciation and amortization
折舊及攤銷
3,099,702
28,584,509
–
31,684,211
Total profit
利潤總額
1,397,057
12,827,989
3,003,092
17,228,138
Income tax expense
所得稅費用
125,494
2,989,428
–
3,114,922
Capital expenditure (Note)
資本性支出（註）
2,772,134
37,198,077
–
39,970,211
 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)
截至二零二四年六月三十日 
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets
資產總額
84,503,178
586,367,115
15,374,417
686,244,710
Total liabilities
負債總額
37,153,902
448,568,869
45,910,861
531,633,632
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other disclosures
其他披露
Long-term equity investments in joint ventures 
and associates
對合營和聯營企業的長期股權 
投資
–
18,542,811
–
18,542,811
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: 
Capital expenditure includes the acquisition 
of long-term assets such as fixed assets and 
intangible assets.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
74
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
3、 
分部報告（續）
(2) 
其他信息
地區信息
營業收入
對外交易收入歸屬於客戶所處區域。
非流動資產總額
非流動資產按該資產所處區域統計，
不包括商譽、其他權益工具投資、其
他非流動金融資產、長期應收款和遞
延所得稅資產。
3. 
SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(2) 
Other information
Geographical information
Operating revenue
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至
二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至
二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan)
中國（包括港澳台地區）
235,923,281
211,180,522
Overseas
境外
135,357,667
89,946,191
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
371,280,948
301,126,713
 
 
 
 
Revenue from external transactions is attributed to the 
location of customers.
Total non-current assets
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and 
Taiwan)
中國（包括港澳台地區）
395,007,494
363,092,866
Overseas
境外
23,374,708
15,341,210
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
418,382,202
378,434,076
 
 
 
 
Non-current assets exclude goodwill, other equity 
instrument investments, other non-current financial 
assets, long-term receivables and deferred income tax 
assets attributed to the region where the assets are 
located.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
75
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
3、 
分部報告（續）
(2) 
其他信息（續）
主要客戶信息
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月
期間，營業收入人民幣42,142,580千
元（截至二零二四年六月三十日止六
個月期間：人民幣41,683,152千元）
為對某一單個客戶的收入。
4、 
營業收入及成本
(1) 
營業收入和營業成本情況
3. 
SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(2) 
Other information (continued)
Information about major customers
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, operating 
revenue of RMB42,142,580,000 (for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024: RMB41,683,152,000) was derived 
from sales to a single customer.
4. 
REVENUE AND COST OF OPERATING
(1) 
Operating revenue and operating costs
For the six months ended 
30 June 2025
For the six months ended 
30 June 2024
截至二零二五年六月三十日
止六個月期間
截至二零二四年六月三十日
止六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
Revenue
Cost
Revenue
Cost
收入
成本
收入
成本
(Restated)
（經重述）
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from principal operations
主營業務收入
362,287,018
297,763,090
294,766,371
240,023,014
Other operating revenue
其他業務收入
8,993,930
6,651,999
6,360,342
4,553,994
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
371,280,948
304,415,089
301,126,713
244,577,008
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
76
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
4、 
營業收入及成本（續） 
(1) 
營業收入和營業成本情況（續） 
營業收入列示如下：
4. 
REVENUE AND COST OF OPERATING 
(CONTINUED)
(1) 
Operating revenue and operating costs 
(continued)
Operating revenue is as follows:
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 2024
截至
二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至
二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
Revenue from contracts with customers
與客戶之間合同產生的收入
Mobile handset components, assembly 
service and other products
手機部件、組裝及其他產品
68,720,248
72,756,817
Automobiles and related products, and 
other products
汽車、汽車相關產品及
 其他產品
302,397,892
228,197,450
Others
其他
30,192
30,555
 
 
 
 
371,148,332
300,984,822
Rental income
租賃收入
132,616
141,891
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
371,280,948
301,126,713
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
77
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
4、 
營業收入及成本（續）
(2) 
營業收入分解信息
4. 
REVENUE AND COST OF OPERATING 
(CONTINUED)
(2) 
Disaggregation of revenue
Mobile 
handset 
components, 
assembly 
service and 
other products
Automobiles 
and related 
products, and 
other products
Others
Total
January to June 2025 (Unaudited)
Reportable segments
二零二五年一至六月（未經審計）
報告分部
手機部件、
組裝及
其他產品
汽車、
汽車相關產品
及其他產品
其他
合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
Place of operation
經營地區
PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
 中國（包括港澳台地區）
16,489,271
219,304,004
30,192
235,823,467
Overseas
 境外
52,230,977
83,093,888
–
135,324,865
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
68,720,248
302,397,892
30,192
371,148,332
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of goods transferred
商品轉讓的時間
At a point in time
 在某一時點轉讓
68,705,266
301,142,586
30,192
369,878,044
Over time
 在某一時段內轉讓
14,982
1,255,306
–
1,270,288
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
68,720,248
302,397,892
30,192
371,148,332
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
78
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
4、 
營業收入及成本（續）
(2) 
營業收入分解信息（續）
4. 
REVENUE AND COST OF OPERATING 
(CONTINUED)
(2) 
Disaggregation of revenue (continued)
Mobile 
handset 
components, 
assembly 
service and 
other products
Automobiles 
and related 
products, and 
other products
Others
Total
January to June 2024 (Unaudited)
Reportable segments
二零二四年一至六月（未經審計）
報告分部
手機部件、
組裝及
其他產品
汽車、
汽車相關產品
及其他產品
其他
合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
Place of operation
經營地區
PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
 中國（包括港澳台地區）
19,054,624
192,009,530
30,555
211,094,709
Overseas
 境外
53,702,193
36,187,920
–
89,890,113
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
72,756,817
228,197,450
30,555
300,984,822
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of goods transferred
商品轉讓的時間
At a point in time
 在某一時點轉讓
72,750,977
226,770,721
30,555
299,552,253
Over time
 在某一時段內轉讓
5,840
1,426,729
–
1,432,569
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
72,756,817
228,197,450
30,555
300,984,822
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
79
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
4、 
營業收入及成本（續）
(3) 
營業成本分解信息
(4) 
履約義務
確認的收入來源於：
4. 
REVENUE AND COST OF OPERATING 
(CONTINUED)
(3) 
Disaggregation of cost
Mobile 
handset 
components, 
assembly 
service 
and other 
products
Automobiles 
and related 
products, 
and other 
products
Others
Total
January to June 2025 (Unaudited)
Reportable segments
二零二五年一至六月（未經審計）
報告分部
手機部件、
組裝及
其他產品
汽車、
汽車相關產品
及其他產品
其他
合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
Place of operation
經營地區
PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)
 中國（包括港澳台地區）
15,315,528
180,491,154
25,945
195,832,627
Overseas
 境外
48,109,549
60,396,660
–
108,506,209
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
63,425,077
240,887,814
25,945
304,338,836
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timing of goods transferred
商品轉讓的時間
At a point in time
 在某一時點轉讓
63,414,293
239,702,763
25,945
303,143,001
Over time
 在某一時段內轉讓
10,784
1,185,051
–
1,195,835
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
63,425,077
240,887,814
25,945
304,338,836
 
 
 
 
 
 
(4) 
Performance obligations
The recognised revenue is sourced from:
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至
二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至
二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
Opening carrying amount of contract 
liabilities – sales of goods and provision 
of services
合同負債年初賬面價值 
 – 銷售商品及提供服務
35,858,260
27,064,838
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
80
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
4、 
營業收入及成本（續） 
(4) 
履約義務（續）
本集團與履約義務相關的信息如下：
於二零二五年六月三十日，主要的已
簽訂合同、但尚未履行或尚未履行完
畢的履約義務預計於1年以內確認為
收入。
4. 
REVENUE AND COST OF OPERATING 
(CONTINUED)
(4) 
Performance obligations (continued)
Information about the Group’s performance obligations 
is summarised below:
Time of fulfilling 
performance 
obligations
Important 
payment terms
Nature of goods transferred
Principal or not
Committed refunds 
to customers
Type of 
warranty and 
related obligations
履行履約義務的時間
重要的支付條款
承諾轉讓商品的性質
是否為主要責任人
承擔的預期將退還
給客戶的款項
提供的質量保證
類型及相關義務
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sales of goods
Time of delivery and 
acceptance by 
customers
Advance/payment 
upon delivery
Sales of automobiles, related products, 
mobile handset components, 
assembly service and other products
Yes
Yes
Assurance-type 
 warranty
銷售商品
交付且客戶接受時
預收╱到貨收款
主要銷售汽車、汽車相關產品、 
手機部件、組裝及其他產品
是
有
保證類質保
Rendering of services
Term of service/time 
of delivery
Service progress 
payment/payment 
upon completion of 
services
Rendering of maintenance, 
transportation, platform and 
technological services
Yes
Nil
Nil
提供服務
服務期間╱交付時
服務進度收款╱服務
完成收款
主要提供維修、運輸、平台服務及技術
服務等
是
無
無
Construction services
Term of service
Progress payment
Construction of rail transport 
infrastructure
Yes
Nil
Assurance-type 
 warranty
建造服務
服務期間
完工進度收款
軌道交通建造
是
無
保證類質保
As at 30 June 2025, the main performance obligations 
that have signed the contract but have not been fulfilled 
or not yet fulfilled are expected to be recognized as 
revenue within one year.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
81
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
5、 
所得稅費用
5. 
INCOME TAX EXPENSES
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至
二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至
二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
Current income tax expenses
當期所得稅費用
5,499,947
3,911,959
Deferred income tax expenses
遞延所得稅費用
(2,628,871)
(797,037)
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
2,871,076
3,114,922
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
82
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
5、 
所得稅費用（續）
所得稅費用與利潤總額的關係列示如下：
註1： 本集團所得稅按在中國境內取得的估計
應納稅所得額及法定稅率計提。
5. 
INCOME TAX EXPENSES (CONTINUED)
The reconciliation between income tax expenses and total 
profit is as follows:
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至
二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至
二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
Total profit
利潤總額
18,910,015
17,228,138
Income tax at the statutory tax rate (Note 1)
按法定稅率計算的所得稅（註1）
4,727,504
4,307,034
Effect of different tax rates applicable to 
subsidiaries
子公司適用不同稅率的影響
(1,689,614)
(2,019,325)
Profit or loss attributable to joint ventures and 
associates
歸屬於合營企業和聯營企業的 
 損益
(152,185)
(227,780)
Tax impact of non-deductible cost, expenses 
and losses
不可抵扣的成本、費用和損失的
 影響
194,178
184,082
Effect on deductible temporary differences 
or deductible losses for which deferred tax 
assets are not recognized for the period
本期未確認遞延所得稅資產的
 可抵扣暫時性差異的影響或
 可抵扣虧損的影響
3,171,715
3,884,561
Effect of use of deductible losses on previously 
unrecognised deferred tax assets
使用前期未確認遞延所得稅資產的
 可抵扣虧損的影響
(967,423)
(170,808)
Effect of changes in tax rate on the balance of 
deferred income tax at the beginning of the 
period
稅率變動時對期初遞延所得稅
 餘額的影響
241,189
–
Research and development expenses and 
other additional deduction as required by 
taxation laws
研發費用及其他稅法規定的加計
 扣除
(2,654,288)
(2,842,842)
 
 
 
 
Income tax expenses at the Group’s effective 
tax rate
按本集團實際稅率計算的所得稅
 費用
2,871,076
3,114,922
 
 
 
 
Note 1: The Group’s income tax has been provided at the statutory 
rate based on the estimated taxable profits arising in the 
PRC.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
83
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
6、 
每股收益
基本每股收益的分子以歸屬於本公司普通股
股東的當期淨利潤，減去歸屬於預計未來可
解鎖限制性股票的淨利潤以及對其他權益工
具持有者的分配確定。
基本每股收益分母為發行在外的普通股的加
權平均數。
稀釋每股收益的分子以歸屬於本公司普通股
股東的當期淨利潤確定，即分子在計算的時
候加回計算基本每股收益分子時已扣除的歸
屬於預計未來可解鎖限制性股票的淨利潤。
稀釋每股收益的分母等於下列兩項之和：(1)
基本每股收益中母公司已發行普通股的加權
平均數；及(2)假定稀釋性潛在普通股轉換為
普通股而增加的普通股的加權平均數。
在計算稀釋性潛在普通股轉換為已發行普通
股而增加的普通股股數的加權平均數時，以
前期間發行的稀釋性潛在普通股，假設在當
期期初轉換；當期發行的稀釋性潛在普通
股，假設在發行日轉換。
6. 
EARNINGS PER SHARE
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至
二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至
二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
(Restated)
（經重述）
 
 
 
 
Basic earnings per share
基本每股收益
Continuing operations
 持續經營
1.71
1.56
 
 
 
 
Diluted earnings per share
稀釋每股收益
Continuing operations
 持續經營
1.71
1.56
 
 
 
 
The numerator of basic earnings per share is determined 
based on the net profit for the Period attributable to ordinary 
shareholders of the Company, less net profit attributable to 
the restricted shares expected to be vested in the future and 
distributions made to other equity instruments holders.
The denominator of basic earnings per share is the weighted 
average number of ordinary shares outstanding.
The numerator of diluted earnings per share is determined 
based on the net profit for the Period attributable to ordinary 
shareholders of the Company, which means that when 
calculating the numerator, net profit attributable to the 
restricted shares expected to be vested in the future which 
are deducted in calculating the basic earnings per share are 
added back.
The denominator of diluted earnings per share is equal to the 
sum of: (1) the weighted average number of ordinary shares 
in issue of the parent company in basic earnings per share; 
and (2) increase in the weighted average number of ordinary 
shares assuming conversion of dilutive potential ordinary 
shares into ordinary shares.
In calculating the weighted average number of ordinary shares 
increased upon conversion of dilutive potential ordinary 
shares into ordinary shares in issue, the dilutive potential 
ordinary shares issued in previous periods are assumed to be 
converted at the beginning of the Period; the dilutive potential 
ordinary shares issued in the Period are assumed to be 
converted on the issue date.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
84
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
6、 
每股收益（續）
基本與稀釋每股收益的具體計算如下：
註： 於2 0 2 5 年7 月，本公司派發紅股
2,431,252,684股，資本公積轉增股本
3,646,879,026股，派發後的發行在外普通
股股數為9,117,197,565股。上述變化發生
於資產負債表日至財務報告批准報出日之
間，因此以調整後的股數為基礎計算各列
報期間的每股收益。
6. 
EARNINGS PER SHARE (CONTINUED)
The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are 
based on:
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2025
For the 
six months 
ended 
30 June 
2024
截至
二零二五年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
截至
二零二四年
六月三十日止
六個月期間
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
(Restated)
（經重述）
 
 
 
 
Revenue
收益
Net profit for the Period attributable to ordinary 
shareholders of the Company
歸屬於本公司普通股股東的當期
 淨利潤
15,510,533
13,631,257
Less:  Deductible net profit attributable to  
 restricted shares which are expected  
 to be vested in the future
減去： 應扣除歸屬於預計未來可解 
 鎖限制性股票的淨利潤
65,937
18,075
Interests for the year distributed to other 
equity instruments holders
分配其他權益工具持有者的 
 本年利息
132,941
–
 
 
 
 
Adjusted net profit for the Period attributable to 
ordinary shareholders of the Company
調整後歸屬於本公司普通股股東的
 當期淨利潤
15,311,655
13,613,182
 
 
 
 
Shares
股份
Weighted average number of outstanding 
ordinary shares of the Company (thousands) 
(Note)
本公司發行在外普通股的加權
 平均數（千股）
（註）
8,958,979
8,720,268
 
 
 
 
Diluted effect – weighted average number of 
ordinary shares restricted shares (thousands)
稀釋效應––普通股的加權平均數
 限制性股票（千股）
3,459
7,704
 
 
 
 
Adjusted weighted average number of 
outstanding ordinary shares of the Company 
(thousands)
調整後本公司發行在外普通股的
 加權平均股數（千股）
8,962,438
8,727,972
 
 
 
 
Note: 
In July 2025, the Company issued 2,431,252,684 bonus 
shares and 3,646,879,026 shares by way of capitalization 
of capital reserve, upon which, the number of ordinary 
shares was increased to 9,117,197,565 shares. As the 
aforesaid change occurred during the period from the 
balance sheet date to the date of approval of the financial 
report, earnings per share for the periods presented was 
calculated based on the adjusted number of shares.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
85
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
6、 
每股收益（續）
二零二五年六月三十日，本公司的限制性股
票對每股收益無稀釋影響，因此稀釋每股收
益與基本每股收益金額相同。
7、 
應收賬款
應收賬款賬齡按收入確認的時間予以確認，
應收賬款的賬齡分析如下：
上述應收賬款含應收新能源汽車補貼款。
6. 
EARNINGS PER SHARE (CONTINUED)
As at 30 June 2025, the restricted shares of the Company did 
not have any diluted effect on earnings per share. Therefore, 
the diluted earnings per share are identical to the basic 
earnings per share.
7. 
TRADE RECEIVABLES
The aging of trade receivables is recognised based on the time 
of revenue recognition. The aging analysis of trade receivables 
is as follows:
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
Within 1 year
1年以內
39,827,889
53,521,437
1 to 2 years
1年至2年
2,763,299
7,054,299
2 to 3 years
2年至3年
1,308,214
1,193,105
Over 3 years
3年以上
3,682,328
4,987,183
Total
合計
47,581,730
66,756,024
 
 
 
 
Less:  Provision for bad debt of trade  
 receivables
減：應收賬款壞賬準備
4,200,188
4,457,036
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
43,381,542
62,298,988
 
 
 
 
The subsidies for new energy vehicle sales are included in the 
above trade receivables.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
86
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
7、 
應收賬款（續）
7. 
TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
二零二五年六月三十日（未經審計）
Book balance
Provision for 
bad debt
Carrying 
amount
賬面餘額
壞賬準備
賬面價值
Amount
Percentage (%)
Amount
Provision 
rate (%)
金額
比例（%）
金額
計提比例（%）
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provision for bad debt based on individual 
assessment
單項計提壞賬準備
986,410
2.07
986,410
100.00
–
Provision for bad debt based on collective 
assessment by credit risk portfolio
按信用風險特徵組合計提
 壞賬準備
46,595,320
97.93
3,213, 778
6.90
43,381, 542
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
47,581,730
100.00
4,200, 188
43,381, 542
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2024 (Audited)
二零二四年十二月三十一日（經審計）
Book balance
Provision for 
bad debt
Carrying 
amount
賬面餘額
壞賬準備
賬面價值
Amount
Percentage (%)
Amount
Provision 
rate (%)
金額
比例（%）
金額
計提比例（%）
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provision for bad debt based on individual 
assessment
單項計提壞賬準備
1,005,795
1.51
1,005,795
100.00
–
Provision for bad debt based on collective 
assessment by credit risk portfolio
按信用風險特徵組合計提
 壞賬準備
65,750,229
98.49
3,451,241
5.25
62,298,988
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
66,756,024
100.00
4,457,036
62,298,988
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
87
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
7、 
應收賬款（續）
單項計提壞賬準備的應收賬款情況如下：
7. 
TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables with provision for bad debt based on 
individual assessment are shown as follows:
30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
二零二五年六月三十日（未經審計）
Book 
balance
Provision for 
bad debt
Provision 
rate (%)
Reason of provision
賬面餘額
壞賬準備
計提比例（%）
計提理由
 
 
 
 
 
 
Customer 1
客戶一
156,202
156,202
100.00
Expected to be 
unrecoverable
預計無法收回
Customer 2
客戶二
110,377
110,377
100.00
Expected to be 
unrecoverable
預計無法收回
Customer 3
客戶三
84,616
84,616
100.00
Expected to be 
unrecoverable
預計無法收回
Customer 4
客戶四
80,034
80,034
100.00
Expected to be 
unrecoverable
預計無法收回
Customer 5
客戶五
74,601
74,601
100.00
Expected to be 
unrecoverable
預計無法收回
Others
其他
480,580
480,580
100.00
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
986,410
986,410
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
88
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
7、 
應收賬款（續）
於二零二五年六月三十日，組合計提壞賬準
備的應收賬款情況如下：
於二零二四年十二月三十一日，組合計提壞
賬準備的應收賬款情況如下：
7. 
TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
As at 30 June 2025, trade receivables with provision for bad 
debt based on collective assessment are shown as follows:
Book 
balance
Provision for 
impairment
Provision 
rate (%)
賬面餘額
減值準備
計提比例（%）
 
 
 
 
 
Within 1 year (inclusive)
1年以內（含1年）
39,797,531
661,384
1.66
1–2 years (inclusive)
1–2年（含2年）
2,744,345
568,730
20.72
2–3 years (inclusive)
2–3年（含3年）
1,227,689
447,859
36.48
Over 3 years
3年以上
2,825,755
1,535,805
54.35
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
46,595,320
3,213,778
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2024, trade receivables with provision 
for bad debt based on collective assessment are shown as 
follows:
Book 
balance
Provision for 
impairment
Provision 
rate (%)
賬面餘額
減值準備
計提比例（%）
 
 
 
 
 
Within 1 year (inclusive)
1年以內（含1年）
53,514,942
684,342
1.28
1–2 years (inclusive)
1–2年（含2年）
6,966,459
752,057
10.80
2–3 years (inclusive)
2–3年（含3年）
1,145,020
322,356
28.15
Over 3 years
3年以上
4,123,808
1,692,486
41.04
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
65,750,229
3,451,241
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
89
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
7、 
應收賬款（續）
應收賬款壞賬準備的變動如下：
截至二零二五年六月三十日期間，無壞賬準
備收回或轉回金額重要的款項，無重要的應
收賬款核銷款項。
於二零二五年六月三十日，應收賬款和合同
資產合計金額前五名共計人民幣12,422,984
千元，佔應收賬款和合同資產期末餘額合計
數的25.16%，應收賬款和合同資產合計金額
前五名的資產減值準備期末餘額共計人民幣
249,057千元。
8、 
應付票據
於二零二五年六月三十日，由於持票人未發
起到期託收，本集團尚有餘額為人民幣7,103
千元的應付票據到期未付。
7. 
TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
The movements of provision for bad debt of trade receivables 
are as follows:
Balance at 
beginning 
of the 
Period/year
Charge 
for the 
Period/year
Reversal 
for the 
Period/year
Write-off 
during the 
Period/year
Exchange 
differences 
on translation 
of foreign 
operations
Balance 
at the end 
of the 
Period/year
期╱年初
餘額
本期╱年
計提
本期╱年
轉回
本期╱年
轉銷
外幣報表
折算差額
期╱年末
餘額
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30 June 2025 
(Unaudited)
二零二五年六月三十日
 （未經審計）
4,457,036
1,090,328
(1,355,318)
(8,038)
16,180
4,200,188
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 2024 
(Audited)
二零二四年十二月三十一日
 （經審計）
3,583,617
1,871,790
(933,484)
(47,269)
(17,618)
4,457,036
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the period ended 30 June 2025, there was no recovery 
of provision for bad debt or reversal of significant amounts or 
write-off of significant trade receivables.
As at 30 June 2025, the total trade receivables and contract 
assets of the five greatest amounts were RMB12,422,984,000, 
accounting for 25.16% of the aggregate closing balance of 
trade receivables and contract assets. The aggregate closing 
balance of the provision impairment on assets for the total 
trade receivables and contract assets of the five greatest 
amounts were RMB249,057,000.
8. 
BILLS PAYABLES
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
Commercial acceptance bills
商業承兌匯票
845,703
1,257,930
Bank acceptance bills
銀行承兌匯票
625,890
1,126,066
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
1,471,593
2,383,996
 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 2025, the outstanding balance of bills payables 
due of the Group was RMB7,103,000 due to the fact that the 
bearer did not make collection at maturity.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
90
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
9、 
應付賬款
應付賬款不計息，並通常在一年以內清償。
應付賬款的賬齡是以購買材料、商品或接受
勞務等確認的時間為基準。
於二零二五年六月三十日及二零二四年十二
月三十一日，無賬齡超過1年的重要應付賬
款。
10、 股本
本公司註冊及實收股本分析如下：
本公司於二零二五年三月完成增發境外上市
外資股129,800千股，每股面值人民幣1元，
導致本期股本增加人民幣129,800千元，股
本溢價增加人民幣39,944,968千元。
9. 
TRADE PAYABLES
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
Within one year
1年以內
233,687,932
240,418,157
1 to 2 years
1年至2年
917,485
667,782
2 to 3 years
2年至3年
227,064
199,805
Over 3 years
3年以上
381,557
357,680
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
235,214,038
241,643,424
 
 
 
 
Trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally 
settled within one year. The aging of trade payables is based 
on the time of recognising the purchase of materials and 
goods or accepting services.
As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had no 
significant trade payables that were aged over one year.
10. 
SHARE CAPITAL
The registered and paid-in capital of the Company is analysed 
as follows:
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
Registered and paid-in capital
註冊及實收股本
3,039,066
2,909,266
 
 
 
 
The Company completed the issuance of additional 
129,800,000 overseas listed foreign shares with a par value 
of RMB1 per share in March 2025, resulting in an increase in 
share capital of RMB129,800,000 and an increase in share 
premium of RMB39,944,968,000 for the Period.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
91
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
11. 
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
1. 
Equity instruments
(1) 
2022 Employee Share Ownership Plan of the 
Group
On 22 April 2022, BYD Company Limited 
held the twenty-first meeting of the Seventh 
Session of the Board of Directors of BYD 
Company Limited (the “Company”), at which 
the resolution in relation to the 2022 Employee 
Share Ownership Plan (Draft) of BYD Company 
Limited and its summary was considered and 
approved to implement the 2022 Employee 
Share Ownership Plan of BYD Company Limited 
(the “Employee Share Ownership Plan”) for the 
employee representative supervisors and senior 
management of BYD Company Limited and 
the mid-level management and core backbone 
employees of BYD Group. The Employee 
Share Ownership Plan was considered and 
approved at the 2022 First Extraordinary 
General Meeting of the Company held on 27 
May 2022. The Company repurchased a total 
of 5,511,024 A shares through the designated 
securities account for repurchase by way of 
centralised bidding transactions, accounting 
for approximately 0.1813% of the total share 
capital of the Company as at 30 June 2025. The 
repurchase was completed in June 2022 and 
the transfer registration was completed in July 
2022. The subscription price of the Employee 
Share Ownership Plan is RMB0 per share, and 
no capital contribution is required to be made 
by the participants. The term of the Employee 
Share Ownership Plan shall be 48 months 
from the date on which the Employee Share 
Ownership Plan is considered and approved 
at the general meeting and the Company 
announces that the last batch of the underlying 
shares is transferred to the Employee Share 
Ownership Plan.
11、 股份支付
1. 
各項權益工具
(1) 
二零二二年本集團之員工持股
計劃
二零二二年四月二十二日，比
亞迪股份有限公司召開比亞
迪股份有限公司（以下簡稱「公
司」）第七屆董事會第二十一次
會議，審議通過了《比亞迪股
份有限公司二零二二年員工持
股計劃（草案）》及其摘要的議
案，對比亞迪股份有限公司職
工代表監事、高級管理人員
以及比亞迪集團的中層管理人
員、核心骨幹員工實施《比亞
迪股份有限公司二零二二年員
工持股計劃》
（以下簡稱「員工
持股計劃」）。公司於二零二二
年五月二十七日召開二零二二
年第一次臨時股東大會，審議
通過了員工持股計劃。公司通
過回購專用證券賬戶以集中競
價交易的方式累計回購A股股
份的數量為5,511,024股，約
佔公司截至二零二五年六月三
十日總股本的0.1813%，並於
二零二二年六月完成回購，二
零二二年七月完成過戶登記。
本員工持股計劃認購價0元╱
股，參與對象無需出資。本員
工持股計劃的存續期為48個
月，自本員工持股計劃經股東
大會審議通過且公司公告最後
一筆標的股票過戶至本員工持
股計劃名下之日起算。
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
92
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
11、 股份支付（續）
1. 
各項權益工具（續）
(2) 
二零二五年本集團之員工持股
計劃
本公司於二零二五年三月十七
日召開了第八屆董事會第十五
次會議及第八屆監事會第九次
會議，審議通過了《關於審議
<比亞迪股份有限公司二零二
五年員工持股計劃（草案）>及
其摘要的議案》及《關於審議<
比亞迪股份有限公司二零二五
年員工持股計劃管理辦法>的
議案》等相關議案。
本公司二零二五年員工持股計
劃（以下簡稱「本次員工持股計
劃」）參與對象包括公司職工代
表監事、高級管理人員以及比
亞迪集團的中層管理人員、
核心骨幹員工。參與本次員
工持股計劃的總人數不超過
25,000人。
本次員工持股計劃已通過二
級市場以集中競價交易的
方式累計買入公司A股股票
10,714,990股，約佔公司總股
本的0.3526%，成交均價約為
人民幣372.18元╱股，成交金
額為人民幣3,987,912,042.01
元（不含交易費用），本員工持
股計劃已完成股票的購買，購
買股票的資金來源為集團提
取的激勵基金、員工合法薪
酬、員工自籌資金以及法律、
行政法規允許的其他方式。
本員工持股計劃以「份」作為認
購單位，每份份額的認購價
格為1.00元，實際認購份額為
3,988,270,580份。
11. 
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
1. 
Equity instruments (continued)
(2) 
2025 Employee Share Ownership Plan of the 
Group
On 17 March 2025, the Company convened the 
15th meeting of the 8th session of the Board 
and the 9th meeting of the 8th session of the 
Supervisory Committee, at which the Resolution 
Regarding Review of the BYD Company Limited 
2025 Employee Share Ownership Plan (Draft) 
and its Summary and the Resolution Regarding 
the Review of Management Measures for 
BYD Company Limited 2025 Employee Share 
Ownership Plan were considered and approved.
For the 2025 Employee Share Ownership Plan 
(the “ESOP”), the participants of the ESOP 
include employee representative supervisors, 
Senior Management of the Company, and 
middle management and core employees of 
BYD Group. The total number of participants of 
the ESOP shall not exceed 25,000.
A total of 10,714,990 A shares of the Company 
have been purchased in the secondary market 
through centralized bidding transactions under 
the ESOP, representing approximately 0.3526% 
of the total share capital of the Company. The 
average transaction price was approximately 
RMB372.18 per share, with a total transaction 
amount of RMB3,987,912,042.01 (excluding 
transaction fees). The share purchase for 
the ESOP has been completed. The sources 
of funds for the purchase was the incentive 
fund withdrawn by the Group, the legitimate 
remuneration of employees, the self-raised 
funds of employees and other sources permitted 
by laws and regulations. The ESOP was divided 
into “units” for subscription and the subscription 
price for each unit was RMB1.00. The actual 
number of units subscribed was 3,988,270,580.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
93
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
11、 股份支付（續）
1. 
各項權益工具（續）
(2) 
二零二五年本集團之員工持股
計劃（續）
本次員工持股計劃持有的標的
股票分三期解鎖，解鎖時點分
別為自公司公告最後一筆標
的股票購買完成之日起滿12
個月、24個月、36個月，每
期解鎖的標的股票比例分別為
30%、30%、40%。每期具體
解鎖比例和數量根據公司業績
考核及個人業績考核結果確
定。
(3) 
二零二五年本集團之子公司比
亞迪電子集團股份獎勵計劃
比亞迪電子董事會於二零二五
年三月十七日通過比亞迪電子
（國際）有限公司二零二五年股
份獎勵計劃（以下簡稱：「本股
份獎勵計劃」）。本股份獎勵計
劃並不構成香港聯合交易所有
限公司證券上市規則第十七章
所指的涉及發行新股的計劃以
至本股份獎勵計劃的採納將無
須比亞迪電子股東批准。
11. 
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
1. 
Equity instruments (continued)
(2) 
2025 Employee Share Ownership Plan of the 
Group (continued)
The Underlying Shares held under this ESOP 
will be unlocked in three tranches. These 
three tranches of Underlying Shares will be 
unlocked after 12 months, 24 months and 36 
months commencing from the date on which 
the Company announces the completion of 
purchase of the last tranche of the Underlying 
Shares, respectively. The Underlying Shares 
to be unlocked under each tranche accounts 
for 30%, 30% and 40% of the total Underlying 
Shares under the ESOP respectively, with the 
specific unlocking proportion and number 
subject to the results of company-level and 
individual-level performance appraisal.
(3) 
2025 Share Award Scheme of the Group’s 
subsidiary BYD Electronic
On 17 March 2025, the board of BYD Electronic 
approved the BYD Electronic (International) 
Company Limited 2025 Share Award Scheme 
(the “Share Award Scheme”). The Share Award 
Scheme does not constitute a scheme involving 
issue of new Shares within the meaning of 
Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing 
of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong 
Kong Limited and the adoption of which will not 
be subject to the approval of shareholders of 
BYD Electronic.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
94
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
11. 
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
1. 
Equity instruments (continued)
(3) 
2025 Share Award Scheme of the Group’s 
subsidiary BYD Electronic (continued) 
The total number of persons who participate in 
the Share Award Scheme is intended to be not 
more than 3,000, and the participants include (i) 
executive directors and senior management of 
BYD Electronic; and (ii) mid-level management 
and core backbone employees of BYD 
Electronic. The employees who meet the 
above criteria in the Share Award Scheme may 
participate on the basis of BYD Electronic’s 
independent discretion, voluntary participation 
by employees and self-assumed risk, with no 
instances of compulsory involvement through 
methods such as apportionment or forced 
allocation for employees. BYD Electronic 
will narrow down the final list of participants 
therefrom.
The total amount involved in the Share Award 
Scheme shall not exceed RMB250 million. 
The board of BYD Electronic or its authorised 
person(s) may purchase the shares of BYD 
Electronic through the secondary market with 
the aforesaid funds at the prevailing market 
price at such time as it thinks fit in accordance 
with the relevant provisions of the Share 
Award Scheme, which will be the source of 
the Underlying Shares under the Share Award 
Scheme.
The Underlying Shares held under the Share 
Award Scheme will be unlocked in three 
phases. These three tranches of Shares will 
be unlocked after 12 months, 24 months and 
36 months commencing from the next day 
upon the completion of the last purchase of the 
Underlying Shares, respectively. The ratio of 
each tranche of the Underlying Shares to be 
unlocked is 30%, 30% and 40%, respectively, 
with the specific unlocking proportion and 
number subject to the results of company-level 
and individual-level performance appraisal.
11、 股份支付（續）
1. 
各項權益工具（續）
(3) 
二零二五年本集團之子公司比
亞迪電子集團股份獎勵計劃
（續）
本股份獎勵計劃的參與人數擬
不超過3,000人，本股份獎勵
計劃參與對象包括(i)比亞迪電
子的執行董事、管理人員；
(ii)比亞迪電子集團的中層管
理人員、核心骨幹員工。符合
上述標準的員工參與本股份獎
勵計劃遵循比亞迪電子自主決
定，員工自願參與、風險自擔
的原則，不存在以攤派、強制
分配等方式強制員工參與的情
形。比亞迪電子將從中選出最
終名單。
本股份獎勵計劃所涉及的資
金總額不超過人民幣25,000萬
元。比亞迪電子董事會或其授
權人士將可按本股份獎勵計劃
的相關規定於其認為合適的時
間用上述資金按當時的市價通
過二級市場購買比亞迪電子股
票，該股票為本股份獎勵計劃
的標的股票來源。
本股份獎勵計劃的標的股票分
三期解鎖，解鎖時點分別為自
最後一筆標的股票購買完成之
次日起滿12個月、24個月、
36個月，每期解鎖的標的股
票比例分別為30%、30%、
40%。每期具體解鎖比例和數
量根據公司業績考核及個人業
績考核結果確定。
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
95
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
11、 股份支付（續）
2. 
以權益結算的股份支付情況
3. 
本期發生的股份支付費用 
11. 
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
2. 
Equity-settled share-based payments
For the
six months ended
30 June 2025
(Unaudited)
截至二零二五年六月三十日
止六個月期間（未經審計）
 
 
The basis for determining the quantity of equity instruments 
available for exercise
Based on the best estimate of the management
可行權權益工具數量的確定依據
管理層的最佳估計數
The reason for the significant difference between the current 
year’s estimate and the previous year’s estimate
Nil
本年估計與上年估計有重大差異的原因
無
The cumulative amount of equity-settled share-based 
payments credited to in capital reserve
以權益結算的股份支付計入資本公積的累計金額
2,446,668
 
 
3. 
The share-based payments incurred during the 
Period
Equity-settled 
share-based 
payments
以權益結算的
股份支付費用
 
 
 
Research personnel
研發人員
174,656
Management personnel
管理人員
110,756
Sales personnel
銷售人員
37,025
Manufacturing and other personnel
製造及其他人員
69,642
 
 
 
Total
合計
392,079
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
96
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
12、 或有事項
未決訴訟或仲裁形成的或有負債及其財務
影響
富士康訴訟案件
於二零零七年六月十一日，富士康國際控股
有限公司旗下一間下屬子公司及一間與其同
受最終控股公司控制的公司（「原告」）向香港
高等法院（「法院」）展開訴訟（「二零零七年六
月訴訟」），指控本公司及本集團若干下屬子
公司（「被告」）使用指稱自原告處非法獲得的
機密資料。原告已於二零零七年十月五日停
止二零零七年六月訴訟，針對被告的二零零
七年六月訴訟被全面撤銷，同時該訴訟未判
令被告承擔任何責任。同日，原告向香港高
等法院提起新一輪的法律程序（「二零零七年
十月訴訟」）。二零零七年十月訴訟的被告與
二零零七年六月訴訟的被告相同，且原告在
二零零七年十月訴訟中提出的申索均基於二
零零七年六月訴訟中的相同事實及理由。原
告在二零零七年十月訴訟中提出的補救方法
包括強令禁止被告使用有關機密資料、強令
被告交出因使用機密資料所獲得的利潤以及
賠償原告遭受的損失及支付懲罰性賠償金。
原告在二零零七年十月訴訟中主張的賠償金
總金額尚未確定。二零零九年十月二日，被
告對富士康國際控股有限公司及其某些附屬
子公司提起反訴，對該等公司自二零零六年
以來利用不合法手段干涉本公司及控股子公
司的經營、共謀行為、書面及口頭誹謗，導
致經濟損失的行為提出訴訟請求。
截至本報告日，該案件仍在訴訟程序中。在
代表本公司負責該案件的法律顧問協助下，
董事會認為，該訴訟的最終結果及賠償義務
（如有）不能可靠的估計。
12. 
CONTINGENT EVENTS
Contingent liabilities arising from pending litigation or 
arbitration and its financial impact
Action against Foxconn
On 11 June 2007, a Hong Kong High Court (the “Court”) action 
(the “June 2007 Action”) was commenced by a subsidiary of 
Foxconn International Holdings Limited and a company jointly 
controlled by its ultimate holding company (the “Plaintiffs”) 
against the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Group 
(the “Defendants”) for using confidential information alleged to 
have been obtained improperly from the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs 
discontinued the June 2007 Action on 5 October 2007 without 
any liability to the Defendants. On the same day, the Plaintiffs 
initiated a new set of legal proceedings in the Hong Kong High 
Court (the “October 2007 Action”). The Defendants named in 
the October 2007 Action are the same as the Defendants in 
the June 2007 Action, and the claims made by the Plaintiffs 
in the October 2007 Action are based on the same facts and 
grounds in the June 2007 Action. The remedies sought by 
the Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action include an injunction 
restraining the Defendants from using the alleged confidential 
information, an order for the disgorgement of profit made by 
the Defendants through the use of the confidential information, 
damages based on the loss suffered by the Plaintiffs and 
exemplary penalties. The total damages sought by the 
Plaintiffs in the October 2007 Action have not been quantified. 
On 2 October 2009, the Defendants instituted a counter-action 
against Foxconn International Holdings Limited and certain 
of its subsidiaries for their intervention, by means of illegal 
measures, in the operations involving the Company and certain 
of its subsidiaries, collusion, written and verbal defamation, 
and the economic loss as a result of the said activities since 
2006.
As of the date of this report, the case is still in proceedings. 
With the assistance of the legal adviser responsible for the 
case on behalf of the Company, the Board believes that the 
final result of the proceeding and compensation obligations (if 
any) cannot be estimated reliably.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
97
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
12、 或有事項（續）
本集團提供擔保形成的或有負債及其財務影
響列示如下：
於二零二五年六月三十日，本公司為其子
公司實際提供的擔保為人民幣35,409,098
千元（二零二四年十二月三十一日：人民
幣37,826,863千元），無為關聯方提供的擔
保（二零二四年十二月三十一日：人民幣
2,541,000千元）。
本集團與某些客戶（含終端客戶）及第三方或
關聯融資機構簽訂合作合同及文件，根據相
關合作合同及文件的安排，本公司向該等融
資機構承擔回購義務，若客戶違約或發生合
同約定的特定條件，本公司繼承全部債權以
及相關權益，並有權自行採取收回並變賣新
能源汽車等救濟措施，以償付客戶對融資機
構的剩餘欠款，並保留任何對剩餘欠款債權
餘額進行追索的權利。管理層認為，收回的
資產能夠變賣，而變賣收入基本能夠支付對
融資機構的剩餘欠款。截至二零二五年六月
三十日，本集團對該等義務的最大敞口為人
民幣404,782千元（二零二四年十二月三十一
日：人民幣828,127千元），且未發生因客戶
違約或合同約定的特定條件而令本公司需予
以支付任何款項的情況。
12. 
CONTINGENT EVENTS (CONTINUED)
The contingent liabilities arising from the guarantee provided 
by the Group and its financial impact are as follows:
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
Guarantees that the Company can provide to 
banks for financing granted to subsidiaries
就授予子公司的融資能夠向銀行提
 供的擔保
130,588,920
125,886,603
 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 2025, the actual guarantees provided by the 
Company for its subsidiaries were RMB35,409,098,000 (31 
December 2024: RMB37,826,863,000) and there were no 
guarantees provided for the related parties (31 December 
2024: RMB2,541,000,000).
The Group entered into cooperation contracts and documents 
with certain customers (including end customers) and 
third parties or related financial institutions. According to 
the arrangements of the relevant cooperation contracts 
and documents, the Company undertakes the repurchase 
obligations to these financial institutions. If a customer defaults 
or specific conditions stipulated in the contract occur, the 
Company inherits all the creditor’s rights and related interests, 
and has the right to take relief measures such as recovery 
and sale of new energy vehicles to repay the remaining 
debts owed by the customer to the financing institution, and 
would reserve the right to pursue recourse for the balance of 
the creditor’s rights. Management is of the opinion that the 
recovered assets will be able to be realised, and the proceeds 
from the sales will basically cover the remaining debts due 
to the financing institutions. As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s 
maximum exposure to these obligations was RMB404,782,000 
(31 December 2024: RMB828,127,000), and there was no 
customer default or specific conditions as stipulated in the 
contracts which the Company was required to make any 
payment.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
98
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
13、 承諾事項
14、 關聯交易
(1) 
關聯方商品及勞務交易
自關聯方購買商品和接受勞務
13. 
COMMITMENTS
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
Capital commitments
資本承諾
39,053,844
35,169,398
Investment commitments
投資承諾
240,391
568,455
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
39,294,235
35,737,853
 
 
 
 
14. 
RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS
(1) 
Related party transactions of goods and services
Purchase of goods and accepting service from related 
parties
Details of transactions
January-June 
2025
Transaction 
limit approved
Excess of 
transaction limit
January-June 
2024
交易內容
二零二五年
一至六月
獲批的
交易額度
是否超過
交易額度
二零二四年
一至六月
(unaudited)
(unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint ventures
合營企業
Purchase of goods and 
accepting services
採購商品和接受勞務
233,613
1,092,132
No
否
447,991
Associates
聯營企業
Purchase of goods and 
accepting services
採購商品和接受勞務
5,465,115
7,022,264
No
否
4,126,713
Other related parties
其他關聯方
Purchase of goods and 
accepting services
採購商品和接受勞務
57,152
979,000
No
否
100,032
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
5,755,880
9,093,396
4,674,736
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
99
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
14、 關聯交易（續） 
(1) 
關聯方商品及勞務交易（續） 
向關聯方銷售商品及提供勞務
上述關聯方交易價格由雙方根據市場
價格協商確定。
14. 
RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS 
(CONTINUED)
(1) 
Related party transactions of goods and services 
(continued)
Sales of goods and rendering of services to related 
parties
Details of transactions
January-June 
2025
January-June 
2024
交易內容
二零二五年
一至六月
二零二四年
一至六月
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
Joint ventures
合營企業
Sales of goods and rendering 
of services
出售商品和提供勞務
622,465
1,155,928
Associates
聯營企業
Sales of goods and rendering 
of services
出售商品和提供勞務
241,166
156,101
Other related parties
其他關聯方
Sales of goods and rendering 
of services
出售商品和提供勞務
21,334
12,682
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
884,965
1,324,711
 
 
 
 
The prices of the above-mentioned related party 
transactions were determined through mutual 
negotiation based on market prices.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
100
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
14、 關聯交易（續） 
(2) 
關聯方資產轉讓
(3) 
其他
本公司關鍵管理人員獲授的二零二二年員工
持股計劃於二零二五年一至六月確認的股份
支付費用為人民幣7,365千元，二零二五年員
工持股計劃於二零二五年一至六月確認的股
份支付費用為人民幣6,511千元，上述薪酬未
包含該項金額。
14. 
RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS 
(CONTINUED)
(2) 
Transfer of related parties assets
Details of transactions
January-June 
2025
January-June 
2024
交易內容
二零二五年
一至六月
二零二四年
一至六月
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
Joint ventures
Purchase of fixed assets
–
4,163
合營企業
購買固定資產
Associates
Purchase of fixed assets
294,909
59,847
聯營企業
購買固定資產
Other related parties
Purchase of fixed assets
46,580
16,658
其他關聯方
購買固定資產
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
341,489
80,668
 
 
 
 
(3) 
Others
January-June 
2025
January-June 
2024
二零二五年
一至六月
二零二四年
一至六月
(Unaudited)
(Unaudited)
（未經審計）
（未經審計）
 
 
 
 
Key management compensation
關鍵管理人員薪酬
60,405
55,215
 
 
 
 
The share-based payment expense recognised 
from January to June 2025 for the 2022 Employee 
Share Ownership Plan and the 2025 Employee 
Share Ownership Plan granted to key management 
personnel of the Company was RMB7,365,000 and 
RMB6,511,000, respectively. The above compensation 
does not include this amount.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
101
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
14、 關聯交易（續） 
(4) 
關聯方應收款項餘額
(5) 
關聯方應付款項餘額
除租賃負債外，應收應付關聯方款項
均不計利息、無擔保。
14. 
RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS 
(CONTINUED)
(4) 
Balance of related parties receivables
30 June 2025
31 December 2024
二零二五年六月三十日
二零二四年十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
Book 
balance
Provision for 
bad debts
Book 
balance
Provision for 
bad debts
賬面餘額
壞賬準備
賬面餘額
壞賬準備
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint ventures
合營企業
560,021
128,194
1,442,769
397,172
Associates
聯營企業
590,352
37,736
191,160
31,037
Other related parties
其他關聯方
53,973
29,184
49,996
29,184
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
1,204,346
195,114
1,683,925
457,393
 
 
 
 
 
 
(5) 
Balance of related parties payables
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
Joint ventures
合營企業
645,673
1,012,796
Associates
聯營企業
3,362,623
4,216,545
Other related parties
其他關聯方
150,909
179,398
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
4,159,205
5,408,739
 
 
 
 
Except for lease liabilities, the amounts due from and 
due to related parties are interest-free and unsecured.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
102
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
14、 關聯交易（續） 
(6) 
存放關聯方的貨幣資金
本期上述存款年利率按照中國人民銀
行公佈的同期存款基準利率加上上浮
幅度不高於3.20%，二零二五年一至
六月確認利息收入人民幣356,222千
元（二零二四年度：不高於3.20%，二
零二四年一至六月確認利息收入人民
幣33,536千元）。
14. 
RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS 
(CONTINUED)
(6) 
Monetary funds deposited with related parties
30 June 
2025
31 December 
2024
二零二五年
六月三十日
二零二四年
十二月三十一日
(Unaudited)
(Audited)
（未經審計）
（經審計）
 
 
 
 
BYD Auto Finance Co., Ltd.
比亞迪汽車金融有限公司
27,024,363
22,146,767
 
 
 
 
The annual interest rate of the above deposits for 
the current period is no more than 3.20% above the 
benchmark interest rate published by the People’s 
Bank of China for deposits of the same period plus 
an upward adjustment, and an interest income of 
RMB356,222,000 was recognised in January to June 
2025 (2024: no more than 3.20%, and an interest 
income of RMB33,536,000 was recognised in January 
to June 2024).
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
103
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
15、 公允價值披露
(1) 
以公允價值計量的資產和負債
二零二五年六月三十日（未經審計）
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE
(1) 
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value
30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
Fair value measurement using
公允價值計量使用的輸入值
 
Quoted prices 
in active 
markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
活躍市場報價
重要可觀察
輸入值
重要不可觀察
輸入值
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
第一層次
第二層次
第三層次
合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading
交易性金融資產
–
35,694,505
–
35,694,505
Other equity instrument investments
其他權益工具投資
2,938,504
2,863,042
2,567,993
8,369,539
Other non-current financial assets
其他非流動金融資產
75,928
997,981
1,977,324
3,051,233
Receivables financing
應收款項融資
–
7,810,231
–
7,810,231
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
3,014,432
47,365,759
4,545,317
54,925,508
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial liabilities
衍生金融負債
–
129,564
–
129,564
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
–
129,564
–
129,564
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
104
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(1) 
以公允價值計量的資產和負債（續） 
二零二四年十二月三十一日（經審計）
(2) 
第一層次公允價值計量
上市的權益工具投資，以市場報價確
定公允價值。
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(1) 
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
(continued)
31 December 2024 (Audited)
Fair value measurement using
公允價值計量使用的輸入值
 
Quoted prices
in active
markets
Significant
observable
inputs
Significant
unobservable
inputs
活躍市場報價
重要可觀察
輸入值
重要不可觀察
輸入值
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
第一層次
第二層次
第三層次
合計
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets held for trading
交易性金融資產
–
40,511,496
–
40,511,496
Derivative financial assets
衍生金融資產
–
35,093
–
35,093
Other equity instrument investments
其他權益工具投資
2,140,761
2,776,151
3,584,181
8,501,093
Other non-current financial assets
其他非流動金融資產
–
878,164
1,777,081
2,655,245
Receivables financing
應收款項融資
–
10,449,966
–
10,449,966
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
2,140,761
54,650,870
5,361,262
62,152,893
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial liabilities
衍生金融負債
–
1,993
–
1,993
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
–
1,993
–
1,993
 
 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
The fair value measurement in Level 1
The fair values of listed equity instrument investments 
are based on quoted market prices.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
105
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(3) 
第二層次公允價值計量
本集團與銀行訂立了衍生金融工具合
同，為外匯遠期合同，採用類似於遠
期定價以及現值方法的估值技術進行
計量。模型涵蓋了多個市場可觀察到
的輸入值，包括交易對手的信用質
量、即期和遠期匯率和利率曲線。外
匯遠期合同的賬面價值與公允價值相
同。衍生金融資產的盯市價值，是抵
銷了歸屬於衍生工具交易對手違約風
險的信用估值調整之後的淨值。交易
對手信用風險的變化，對於套期關係
中指定衍生工具的套期有效性的評價
和其他以公允價值計量的金融工具，
均無重大影響。
以公允價值計量且其變動計入損益的
理財產品、應收款項融資，本集團會
利用條款及風險相類似的工具之市場
利率按照貼現現金流量估值模型估算
公允價值。以公允價值計量的權益工
具，本集團以市場數據和估值模型相
結合為基礎估算公允價值。
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(3) 
The fair value measurement in Level 2
The Group enters into derivative financial instruments 
contracts which are the foreign currency forward 
contracts with banks and adopts valuation techniques 
similar to forward pricing and present value methods 
for measurement. The model incorporates various 
market observable inputs including the credit quality 
of counterparties and foreign exchange spot and 
forward rates and yield curve. The carrying amounts 
of foreign currency forward contracts are the same as 
their fair values. The mark to market value of derivative 
financial assets is the net value after offsetting the 
credit valuation adjustment attributable to the default 
risk of derivative instrument counterparties. The change 
of counterparty credit risk has no significant impact on 
the evaluation of hedging effectiveness of designated 
derivatives in hedging relationship and other financial 
instruments measured at fair value.
For the wealth management products at fair value 
through profit or loss and receivables financing, 
the Group will estimate their fair values by using a 
discounted cash flow valuation model based on the 
market interest rates of instruments with similar terms 
and risks. For the equity instruments at fair value, 
the Group will estimate their fair values based on a 
combination of market data and valuation models.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
106
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(4) 
第三層次公允價值計量
對於限售股票、非上市的權益工具投
資，利用近期交易法或者採用估值技
術來確定其公允價值，估值技術包括
市場乘數法、期權定價模型等。其公
允價值的計量採用了重要的不可觀
察參數，比如企業價值╱收入（「EV/
Revenue」）比率、平均企業價值╱息
稅折舊前利潤比率、平均企業價值╱
淨利潤比率、流動性折扣、波動率、
投資標的淨值等。持續第三層次公允
價值計量的金融工具對這些不可觀察
輸入值的合理變動無重大敏感性。本
集團相信，以估值技術估計的公允價
值及其變動，是合理的，並且亦是於
資產負債表日最合適的價值。
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(4) 
The fair value measurement in Level 3
For investments in restricted shares and unlisted equity 
instruments, the Group adopts the recent transaction 
method or applies valuation techniques to determine 
their fair value, while valuation techniques include 
market multiplier method, option pricing models, 
etc. The measurement of fair value uses significant 
unobservable parameters, including enterprise value-
to-revenue (“EV/Revenue”) ratio, Average EV/EBITDA 
ratio, Average EV/Net profit margin, liquidity discount, 
volatility, investment underlying net value, etc. The 
financial instruments measured at the fair value in Level 
3 on a recurring basis was not significantly sensitive to 
a reasonable change in these unobservable inputs. The 
Group believes that the estimated fair values resulting 
from the valuation technique and the related changes 
in fair values are reasonable, and they were the most 
appropriate values at the balance sheet date.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
107
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(4) 
第三層次公允價值計量（續） 
如下為主要的第三層次公允價值計量
的重要不可觀察輸入值概述：
二零二五年六月三十日（未經審計）
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(4) 
The fair value measurement in Level 3 
(continued)
Below is the summary of significant unobservable 
inputs for main fair value measurement in Level 3:
30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
Fair value
at the end of
the year
Valuation
technique
Unobservable inputs
Range (the weighted
average value)
年末公允價值
估值技術
不可觀察輸入值
範圍區間
（加權平均值）
 
 
 
 
 
Other equity instrument 
investments
其他權益工具投資
2,440,729
Market approach
市場法
P/E ratio
市盈率
P/S ratio
市銷率
P/B ratio
市淨率
Average EV/Revenue ratio
平均企業價值╱收入比率
Average EV/ EBITDA ratio
平均企業價值╱息稅折舊
前利潤比率
Average EV/ R&D expense
ratio
平均企業價值╱研發費用
比率
20.09–58.21
1.42–25.59
1.54
2.43–2.68
17.34–46.68
55.61
Other non-current financial 
assets
其他非流動金融資產
428,837
Market approach
市場法
P/E ratio
市盈率
P/S ratio
市銷率
Average EV/ R&D expense
ratio
平均企業價值╱研發費用
比率
29.62–47.15
9.23–17.74
41.83
Other equity instrument 
investments
其他權益工具投資
127,264
Option pricing 
model
期權定價模型
Volatility of underlying 
asset price
標的資產價格的波動率
18.77%–54.64%
Other non-current financial 
assets
其他非流動金融資產
1,548,487
Investment 
underlying net value 
method
投資標的淨值法
Net value of underlying 
investment
投資標的的淨值
RMB592,853,000–
RMB45,834,346,000
人民幣592,853千元
人民幣45,834,346千元
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
108
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(4) 
第三層次公允價值計量（續） 
二零二四年十二月三十一日（經審計）
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(4) 
The fair value measurement in Level 3 
(continued)
31 December 2024 (Audited)
Fair value at the
end of the year
Valuation technique
Unobservable inputs
Range (the weighted
average value)
年末公允價值
估值技術
不可觀察輸入值
範圍區間
（加權平均值）
 
 
 
 
 
Other equity instrument 
investments
其他權益工具投資
2,440,471
Market approach
市場法
P/E ratio
市盈率
P/S ratio
市銷率
20.09–58.21
1.42–25.59
P/B ratio
市淨率
1.54
Average EV/Revenue ratio
平均企業價值╱收入比率
2.43–2.68
Average EV/EBITDA ratio
平均企業價值╱息稅折舊
前利潤比率
17.34–46.68
Average EV/R&D expense 
ratio
平均企業價值╱研發費用
比率
55.61
Other non-current financial 
assets
其他非流動金融資產
428,843
Market approach
市場法
P/E ratio
市盈率
P/S ratio
市銷率
29.62–47.15
9.23–17.74
Average EV/R&D expense 
ratio
平均企業價值╱研發費用
比率
41.83
Other equity instrument 
investments
其他權益工具投資
1,143,711
Option pricing 
model
期權定價模型
Volatility of underlying 
asset price
標的資產價格的波動率
5.88%–56.82%
Other non-current financial 
assets
其他非流動金融資產
39,612
Option pricing 
model
期權定價模型
Volatility of underlying 
asset price
標的資產價格的波動率
33.82%
Other non-current financial 
assets
其他非流動金融資產
1,308,625
Investment 
underlying net value 
method
投資標的淨值法
Net value of underlying 
investment
投資標的的淨值
RMB654,576,000–
RMB41,933,687,000
人民幣654,576千元–
人民幣41,933,687千元
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
109
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(5) 
持續第三層次公允價值計量的調節
信息
持續的第三層次公允價值計量的調節
信息如下：
截至二零二五年六月三十日止六個月
期間（未經審計）
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(5) 
The adjustment information of continuous fair 
value measurement in Level 3
Below is the adjustment information of continuous fair 
value measurement in Level 3:
For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (Unaudited)
Opening 
balance
Transfer to 
Level 3
Transfer out 
of level 3
Total gains or losses for 
the current period
Purchases
Disposal 
Closing 
balance
Changes in 
unrealised 
gains or 
losses of 
assets held 
at the end 
of the period 
through 
profit or loss
當期利得或損失總額
Through 
profit or loss
Through 
other 
comprehensive 
income
期初
餘額
轉入
第三層次
轉出
第三層次
計入損益
計入其他
綜合收益
購買
出售
期末
餘額
期末持有的
資產計入損益的
當期未實現利得
或損失的變動
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other equity instrument 
investments
其他權益工具 
投資
3,584,181
–
(1,054,395)
–
38,207
–
–
2,567,993
–
Other non-current financial 
assets
其他非流動金 
融資產
1,777,081
–
(39,612)
9,149
–
230,706
–
1,977,324
9,149
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
5,361,262
–
(1,094,007)
9,149
38,207
230,706
–
4,545,317
9,149
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
110
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(5) 
持續第三層次公允價值計量的調節
信息（續）
持續的第三層次公允價值計量的調節
信息如下：（續）
二零二四年（經審計）
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(5) 
The adjustment information of continuous fair 
value measurement in Level 3 (continued)
Below is the adjustment information of continuous fair 
value measurement in Level 3: (continued)
2024 (Audited)
Opening 
balance
Transfer to 
Level 3
Transfer out 
of level 3
Total gains or losses for 
the current period
Purchases
Disposal
Closing 
balance
Changes in
unrealised gains
or losses of
assets held at
the end of the
year through
profit or loss
當期利得或損失總額
Through 
profit or loss
Through other 
comprehensive 
income
期初餘額
轉入第三層次
轉出第三層次
計入損益
計入其他
綜合收益
購買
出售
期末餘額
期末持有的
資產計入損益的
當期未實現利得
或損失的變動
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other equity 
instrument 
investments
其他權益工具
 投資
3,015,408
898,938
(1,409,861)
–
369,482
710,214
–
3,584,181
–
Other non-current 
financial assets
其他非流動金融
 資產
1,471,261
554,519
–
(207,660)
–
22,702
(63,741)
1,777,081
(207,660)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
合計
4,486,669
1,453,457
(1,409,861)
(207,660)
369,482
732,916
(63,741)
5,361,262
(207,660)
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
111
Interim Report 2025
二零二五年中期報告
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(6) 
持續公允價值計量的層次轉換 
二零二五年一至六月，本集團持有的
其他權益工具投資因限售期解除，存
在活躍市場報價，其公允價值從第三
層次轉入第一層次，轉移金額為人民
幣1,054,395千元。除此之外，二零
二五年一至六月本集團金融工具的公
允價值層次之間無其他重大轉移。
二零二四年度，本集團持有的其他權
益工具投資因限售期解除，存在活躍
市場報價，其公允價值從第三層次
轉入第一層次，轉移金額為人民幣
1,224,836千元。本集團持有的部分
金融工具由於被投資公司近一年內新
增融資，存在非活躍市場中相同或類
似資產或負債的報價，因此採用第二
層次估值技術予以估值，並將其公允
價值從第三層次轉入第二層次，轉移
金額為人民幣185,025千元。本集團
部分金融工具因無法獲取可觀察輸
入值而採用第三層次估值技術予以估
值，並將其公允價值從第二層次轉
移到第三層次，轉移金額為人民幣
1,453,457千元。除此之外，二零二
四年度本集團金融工具的公允價值層
次之間無其他重大轉移。
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(6) 
Transfers among continuous fair value 
hierarchies
From January to June 2025, the other equity instrument 
investment held by the Group had quotations in an 
active market due to the release of lock-up period, 
and its fair value was transferred from Level 3 to Level 
1, with a transfer amount of RMB1,054,395,000. In 
addition, there were no other significant transfers 
among fair value hierarchies of financial instruments of 
the Group during the period from January to June 2025.
In 2024, the other equity instrument investment held 
by the Group had quotations in an active market due 
to the release of lock-up period, and its fair value was 
transferred from Level 3 to Level 1, with a transfer 
amount of RMB1,224,836,000. Certain financial 
instruments held the Group were valued using Level 
2 valuation techniques as there were quotations of 
identical or similar assets or liabilities in an inactive 
market due to the new financings of investees within 
the past year, and their fair values were transferred 
from Level 3 to Level 2, with a transfer amount of 
RMB185,025,000. Certain financial instruments of the 
Group were valued using Level 3 valuation techniques 
as there were no observable inputs available, and their 
fair values were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3, with 
a transfer amount of RMB1,453,457,000. In addition, 
there were no other significant transfers among fair 
value hierarchies of financial instruments of the Group 
in 2024.
Notes to Financial Statements
財務報表附註
30 June 2025
二零二五年六月三十日
RMB’000 人民幣千元
112
BYD Company Limited
比亞迪股份有限公司
15、 公允價值披露（續）
(7) 
估值技術變更
二零二五年一至六月，本集團未發生
變更估值技術的情況。
16、 資產負債表日後事項
於二零二五年七月三十日，本公司成功發行
比亞迪股份有限公司二零二五年度第三期科
技創新債券，債券代碼012581809，發行總
人民幣5,000,000千元，期限183天，發行利
率為1.48%。
於二零二五年八月二十五日，本公司成功發
行比亞迪股份有限公司二零二五年度第四期
科技創新債券，債券代碼102583634，發行
總人民幣5,000,000千元，期限3年，發行利
率為1.82%。
17、 審批財務報表
董事會已於二零二五年八月二十九日審批及
授權刊發財務報表。
15. 
DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
(7) 
The change of valuation techniques
There is no change of valuation techniques by the 
Group during the period from January to June 2025.
16. 
EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
On 30 July 2025, the Company successfully issued the third 
tranche of 2025 Sci-tech Innovation Bonds of BYD Company 
Limited with a bond code of 012581809. The total size of 
issuance amounted to RMB5,000,000,000, with a term of 183 
days and an interest rate of 1.48%.
On 25 August 2025, the Company successfully issued the 
fourth tranche of 2025 Sci-tech Innovation Bonds of BYD 
Company Limited with a bond code of 102583634. The total 
size of issuance amounted to RMB5,000,000,000, with a term 
of 3 years and an interest rate of 1.82%.
17. 
APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The financial statements were approved and authorised for 
issue by the Board on 29 August 2025.