BYD COMPANY LIMITED 
比亞迪股份有限公司 
 (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)  
(在中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公司) 
(Stock Code 股份代號: 01211 (HKD Counter 港幣櫃台) and 81211 (RMB Counter 人民幣櫃台))  
29 July 2024  
Dear registered shareholder(s),  
Arrangement of Electronic Dissemination of Corporate Communications  
  
Pursuant to Rule 2.07 of the Rules Governing The Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) under the expansion of paperless listing regime 
and electronic dissemination of corporate communications that came into effect on 31 December 2023, BYD Company Limited (the “Company”) is writing to inform you that the Company 
has adopted electronic dissemination of corporate communications, which mean any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its 
securities or the investing public, including but not limited to (a) the directors’ report, its annual accounts together with a copy of the auditors’ report and, where applicable, its summary 
financial report; (b) the interim report and, where applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing document; (e) a circular and (f) a proxy form (the “Corporate 
Communications”).  
  
Please note that both the English and Chinese versions of all future Corporate Communications will be available electronically on the website of the Company at http://www.bydglobal.com 
and the HKEXnews website at www.hkexnews.hk in place of printed copies. Unless the Company receives expressed written instructions from you, with effect from the date of this letter, 
the Company will not despatch to you any printed copy of the Corporate Communications, or any notification letter in relation to the publication of such Corporate Communications, and 
you will need to proactively check the Company’s website and the HKEXnews website to keep up with the publication of Corporate Communications. 
  
Solicitation of electronic contact details  
  
Pursuant to Rule 2.07A of the Listing Rules, the Company shall despatch to you by electronic means or by post the Actionable Corporate Communications(Note). To ensure timely receipt of 
the Actionable Corporate Communications(Note), the Company recommends you to provide your email address by scanning your personalized QR code printed on the enclosed reply form 
(the “Reply Form”). Alternatively, you may sign and return the Reply Form to the Company’s H share registrar (the “H Share Registrar”), Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services 
Limited, at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong.  
  
If the Company does not receive a functional email address in your reply, until such time that the functional email address is provided to the H Share Registrar, the Company 
will send the Actionable Corporate Communications(Note) in printed form in the future.  
  
If you want to receive the Corporate Communications in printed form, please complete and return the enclosed Reply Form to the H Share Registrar or send an email to 
byd.ecom@computershare.com.hk specifying your name, address and request to receive the Corporate Communications in printed form. Please note that such instruction shall be valid for 
one year starting from the receipt date of your instruction and will expire thereafter, unless it is revoked or superseded before its expiry. 
  
Should you have any queries relating to this letter, please contact the H Share Registrar at (852) 2862 8688 during business hours from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. (Hong Kong time), Mondays 
to Fridays, excluding Hong Kong public holidays.  
Yours faithfully,  
By order of the Board  
BYD Company Limited  
Wang Chuan-fu  
Chairman  
 
Note:  Pursuant to Rule 1.01 of the Listing Rules, an “Actionable Corporate Communication” is any corporate communication that seeks instructions from issuer’s securities holders on how they wish to exercise their 
rights or make an election as the issuer’s securities holder. 
 
各位登記股東： 
以電子方式發佈公司通訊之安排  
  
根據自2023 年12 月31 日起生效的擴大無紙化上市機制及以電子方式發佈公司通訊規定下香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市規則（「上市規則」）第2.07 條，比亞迪股份
有限公司（「本公司」）謹此通知  閣下，本公司已採用以電子方式發佈公司通訊之安排，該公司通訊是指公司發佈或將要發佈的供本公司任何證券持有人或投資大眾知悉
或採取行動的任何文件，包括但不限於(a) 董事報告、年度帳目以及審計報告副本以及（如適用）財務摘要報告； (b) 中期報告及其中期報告摘要（如適用）； (c) 會議通
知； (d) 上市文件； (e) 通函和 (f) 委任表格（「公司通訊」）。  
  
請注意，所有未來公司通訊的英文版和中文版將在本公司網站http://www.bydglobal.com 和披露易網站www.hkexnews.hk 上提供，以代替印刷本。除非本公司接獲 閣下的明
確書面指示，否則自本函件日期起，本公司將不會向 閣下寄發任何公司通訊的印刷本或任何有關刊發該等公司通訊的通知信函，而 閣下將須主動查看本公司網站及披露易
網站，以留意公司通訊的發佈。 
  
徵集電子聯絡資料  
  
根據上市規則第2.07 條規定，本公司將以電子方式或郵寄方式向 閣下寄發可供採取行動的公司通訊
（附註）。為確保及時收到可供採取行動的公司通訊
（附註），本公司建議  閣
下透過掃描本函隨函所附之回條（「回條」）上列印的 閣下專屬二維碼來提供  閣下的電子郵件地址。或者，  閣下也可以簽署回條並交回本公司的H 股股份過戶登記處
（「H 股股份過戶處」）香港中央證券登記有限公司，地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東183 號合和中心17M 樓。  
 
如果本公司沒有收到  閣下的有效電子郵件地址，直至H 股股份過戶處收到  閣下有效的電子郵件地址前，本公司未來將以印刷本形式發送可供採取行動的公司通訊
（附註）。  
 
若  閣下希望收取本公司通訊之印刷版，請填妥本函所附之回條並交回H 股股份過戶處，或發送電子郵件至byd.ecom@computershare.com.hk，並註明  閣下的姓名、地址
以及收取公司通訊的印刷版的要求。 請注意，收取未來公司通訊印刷版之指示由收悉  閣下指示當日起計一年內有效，此後將過期，除非該指示在過期前已被撤銷或取代。  
  
如  閣下對本函件有任何疑問，請於辦公時間星期一至五（香港公眾假期除外）上午9 時正至下午6 時正（香港時間）其間致電H 股股份過戶處(852) 2862 8688 查詢。  
  
承董事會命 
比亞迪股份有限公司 
王傳福 
董事長 
謹啟 
 2024 年7 月29 日  
 
附註：根據上市規則第1.01 條規定，可供採取行動的公司通訊指任何涉及要求發行人的證券持有人指示其擬如何行使其有關證券持有人的權利的公司通訊。
Please cut the mailing label and stick it on an envelope to return this form to us. 
No postage is necessary if posted in Hong Kong. 
當  閣下寄回此回條時，請將郵寄標籤剪貼於信封上。 
如在本港投寄，  閣下無需支付郵費或貼上郵票。 
 
 
 
 
CCS8237  BYDH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
REPLY FORM  回條 
To: 
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited 
致：  香港中央證券登記有限公司 
 (The “ H Share Registrar”)  
（「H 股股份過戶處」） 
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 
香港灣仔皇后大道東183 號 
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong 
合和中心17M 樓 
(Please choose ONLY ONE of the options below)  
(請從以下選項中只選擇其中一項) 
 Option 1:  I/we hereby provide my/our email address for receipt of future Actionable Corporate Communications(Note 3) 
of the Company via electronic dissemination by scanning my/our personalized QR code  
 選項1：  本人/吾等現以掃瞄本人/吾等專屬二維碼以提供電子郵件地址，以接收公司未來通過電子方式發佈的可供 
採取行動的公司通訊(附註3) 
 
 
  You are NOT required to return this Reply Form if you choose Option 1. 
 
  如選擇了選項1，  閣下無須交回本回條。 
Personalized QR Code 
專屬二維碼 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Option 3:  I/we hereby request for receipt of Corporate Communications* in printed form and noted that this instruction is valid only for one year starting from 
the receipt date of instruction. (Notes 5) (Please mark “✓” in the below box if applicable) 
 選項3：  本人/吾等現要求收取公司通訊*印刷版並已知悉本指示由收取指示日期起計一年內有效。(附註5)  （如適用，請在以下方格內劃上「✓」號）  
Printed English version  Printed Chinese version  Printed English and Chinese version 
英文印刷本  中文印刷本  英文及中文印刷本 
Signature(s): (Notes 1)
簽名：(附註1) 
 
Contact number:  
聯絡電話號碼： 
 
Date:  
日期： 
 
Notes 附註： 
1. Please complete all your details clearly. If your shares are held in joint names, all of the joint shareholders should jointly sign this Reply Form in order to be valid.  
請清楚填妥  閣下之所有資料。如屬聯名股東，則本回條須由所有聯名股東聯合簽署，方為有效。 
2. Any Reply Form with no signature or otherwise incorrectly completed will be void. 
任何回條若未有簽署或在其他方面填寫不正確，則本回條將會作廢。 
3. If the Company does not receive a functional email address in your reply, until such time that the functional email address is provided to the H Share Registrar, the Company will send the Actionable Corporate Communication 
in printed form in the future. Actionable Corporate Communication is any corporate communication that seeks instructions from issuer’s securities holders on how they wish to exercise their rights or make an election as the 
issuer’s securities holder. 
 
  如公司沒有收到  閣下的有效電子郵件地址， 直至H 股股份過戶處收到  閣下有效的電子郵件地址前，公司未來將以印刷本形式發送可供採取行動的公司通訊。可供採取行動的公司通訊指任何涉及要求發行人的 
證券持有人指示其擬如何行使其有關證券持有人的權利的公司通訊。 
4. If you provide more than one email address by QR code, email, reply form and/or other means, only the latest one email address provided will be registered. 
如  閣下通過二維碼、電郵、回條及/或其他方式提供多於一個的電子郵件地址，只有  閣下最後提供的電子郵件地址將會被用於登記。 
5. If you mark “✓” in the box in Option 3, no email address will be registered and only Corporate Communications* in printed form will be received. 
如  閣下在選項3 方格內劃上「✓」號，將不會有電子郵件地址被登記，只有公司通訊*的印刷版會被收取。 
6. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company does not accept any other instructions given on this Reply Form. 
為免存疑，在本回條上的任何額外指示，公司將不予處理。 
* Unless otherwise specified, Corporate Communications refer to any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to the  annual 
report, interim report, notice of meeting, circular and proxy form. 
除非另有註明，公司通訊乃指公司已發出或將予發出以供其任何證券的持有人參照或採取行動的任何文件，其中包括但不限於年報、中期報告、會議通告、通函及代表委任表格。 
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION STATEMENT 收集個人資料聲明 
(i)  “Personal Data” in this statement has the same meaning as “personal data” in the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong (“PDPO”).  
本聲明中所指的「個人資料」與香港法例第486 章《個人資料（私隱）條例》（「《私隱條例》」）中「個人資料」的涵義相同。 
(ii)  Your Personal Data provided in this Reply Form will be used in connection with, including but not limited to, the Company’s electronic dissemination of Corporate Communications and to liaise with you on other matters 
relating to your holdings in the Company. Your supply of Personal Data to the Company is on a voluntary basis. In case of a failure to provide sufficient information, the Company may not be able to process your instruction 
and/or request as stated in this Reply Form. 
閣下於本回條所提供的個人資料將用於(包括但不限於)有關公司以電子方式發佈公司通訊及就  閣下持有的公司證券有關的其他事宜上與  閣下聯絡。 閣下是自願向本公司提供個人資料。若 閣下未能提供足夠資料，
本公司可能無法處理 閣下在本回條上所述的指示及/或要求。 
(iii)  Your Personal Data may be disclosed or transferred by the Company to its subsidiaries, the H Share Registrar, and/or other companies or bodies for any of the stated purposes, or when it is required to do so by law and 
will be retained for such period as may be necessary for our verification and record purposes. 
公司可就任何所說明的用途或在法例規定的情況下，將  閣下的個人資料披露或轉移給公司的附屬公司、H 股股份過戶處、及/或其他公司或團體，並將在適當期間保留該等個人資料作核實及紀錄用途。 
(iv)  You have the right to request access to and/or correction of your Personal Data in accordance with the provisions of the PDPO. Any such request for access to and/or correction of your Personal Data should be in writing, by  
mail to the Hong Kong Privacy Officer of the H Share Registrar at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong or by email at PrivacyOfficer@computershare.com.hk. 
閣下有權根據《私隱條例》的條文查閱及/或修改  閣下的個人資料。任何該等查閱及/或修改個人資料的要求均須以書面方式郵寄至H 股股份過戶處（地址為香港灣仔皇后大道東183 號合和中心17M 樓）向香港隱
私主任提出，或發送電郵至 PrivacyOfficer@computershare.com.hk。 
 
 Option 2:  I/we hereby provide my/our email address in writing for receipt of future Actionable Corporate Communications(Note 3) of the following listed  
 company (the “Company”) via electronic dissemination. 
 選項2： 本人/吾等現以書面提供本人/吾等之電子郵件地址，以確保收到以下上市公司（「公司」）通過電子方式發佈的可供採取行動的未來公司通訊(附註3) 
Name of Securities holder(s) 證券持有人姓名 : 
Name of the listed company 上市公司名稱 : 
 
  
BYD COMPANY LIMITED 
比亞迪股份有限公司  
Email address 電郵地址: (Notes 3 / 附註3) 
 
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited 
香港中央證券登記有限公司 
Freepost No. 簡便回郵號碼：37 
Hong Kong 香港 
Mailing Label 郵寄標籤