‘I Just Hope We Can Bounce Back’: GM’s Prized EV Truck Factory Goes Dark Again Factory Zero in Detroit assembles GM’s big electric pickups, as well as the Cadillac Escalade IQ SUV. By Iulian Dnistran Manufacturing / Production - Mar 31 -
BYD Has Hit A Rough Patch. It Still Plans To Sell 1.5 Million Cars Outside Of China This Year China's BYD believes that over half of its total business could eventually come from sales outside of China. By Rob Stumpf News - Mar 30 -
Google Maps Is Bringing EV Route Planning To Android Auto The feature will take the guesswork out of planning an EV road trip for over 350 models across at least 15 brands. By Tim Levin Technology - Mar 30 -
The Chevy Silverado EV Is A Great Truck. Here's Why This YouTuber Is Selling His The huge battery and comfortable ride make the Silverado EV one of the best tow vehicles out there. The problem is with the dealer. By Iulian Dnistran Repair / Maintenance - Mar 30 -
Europe’s New Big Electric SUV Solves A Problem American Families Know Well The upcoming Skoda Peaq is a three-row electric SUV with a huge cargo area and a 'Relaxation Package.' By Andrei Nedelea Teasers - Mar 30 -
All New BMW i5 EVs Now Have A Native NACS Charge Port BMW’s first NACS-equipped EV in the U.S. can now be had in all trim levels, not just the most expensive one. By Iulian Dnistran Charging - Mar 30 -
Take A Behind-The-Scenes Look At Slate's Winter Testing The small and affordable American-made electric pickup is just months away from going into production. By Iulian Dnistran News - Mar 30 -
2027 Chevy Bolt EV 75 MPH Highway Range Test. Here’s How America's Cheapest EV Performs. The new Bolt EV is EPA-rated for 262 miles. But you won't get that at highway speeds. By Iulian Dnistran Range / Efficiency - Mar 29 -
BMW Pioneered Range Extended EVs. Now It’s Not So Sure The Bavarian automaker is open to extended-range EVs, but it hasn’t decided whether it will jump on to the growing trend in the U.S. By Andrei Nedelea News - Mar 28 -
'Unless Things Change, We Will Not Survive': Even Toyota Doesn't Feel Safe Right Now The auto industry is shifting fast, and without some major change, Toyota's CEO can see the end of the road. By Rob Stumpf News - Mar 27 -
Jeep Recalls Over 11,000 Wagoneer S EVs Over Liftgate Issue Model years 2024 through 2026 are affected, but it's an easy fix at the dealer. By Iulian Dnistran Recalls - Mar 27 -
Europe’s First Commercial Robotaxi Service Will Hit The Uber App Soon Rimac’s Verne subsidiary is joining forces with Uber and China’s Pony.ai to deploy the first robotaxis in Croatia this year. By Iulian Dnistran Europe - Mar 27 -
New EV Sales Dropped 28%. But Used EVs Are Booming. The new EV market is struggling after the end of the tax credit in September. But that doesn't tell the whole electrification story. By Tim Levin Sales - Mar 26 -
Waymo Has Doubled Its Weekly Ridership In Under A Year Waymo said on Thursday that it is handling 500,000 driverless rides per week across the U.S. By Tim Levin Autonomous Vehicles - Mar 26 -
Home Charging Prices Are Going Up, But Charging At Home Is Still Cheaper JD Power’s Electric Vehicle Experience (EVX) Home Charging Study revealed that energy costs are making EV owners less satisfied with home charging. By Kevin Williams Charging - Mar 26 -
The New Ford Transit City Is A High-Tech Electric Van With Chinese Roots Ford’s latest electric van looks modern, gets LFP batteries, and is designed for urban environments. Just don't expect a U.S. version. By Suvrat Kothari Commercial Vehicles - Mar 26 -
Tesla's New Folding Supercharger Units Cut Installation Time In Half The company’s prefabricated stations now sit on a hinged base that can fit more stalls than before. By Iulian Dnistran Charging - Mar 26 -
This Cheap EV With Semi-Solid Batteries Wants To Battle It Out With Europe's Best The affordable MG4 Urban is the world’s first small mass-market EV with a semi-solid-state battery, and it’s going to Europe. By Iulian Dnistran Europe - Mar 26 -
Sony And Honda's Afeela EVs Are Dead The Afeela 1 electric sedan was almost ready for production, and an Afeela SUV was in the works. By Iulian Dnistran Official - Mar 25 -
Google’s Android Is About To Take Over Your Entire Car–Not Just the Screens The new Android Automotive OS for Software Defined Vehicles can control seat motors, HVAC, lights, and more. By Iulian Dnistran Software - Mar 25 -
Zoox Is The Latest Robotaxi Company Targeting Austin, Texas Amazon’s robotaxi venture is expanding its footprint in San Francisco and Las Vegas, while eyeing new markets. By Iulian Dnistran Autonomous Vehicles - Mar 25 -
Could The Cybercab Preview Tesla's New Door Release? Tesla plans to update its door releases after blowback. The Cybercab shows what could be in store. By Rob Stumpf News - Mar 24 -
The Xiaomi SU7 Was Already Dominating The Market. Reviewers Say The Updated Version Is Even Better Tech giant Xiaomi already reset the game when it introduced the Taycan-like SU7 in 2024. But it's not resting on its laurels. By Kevin Williams China - Mar 24 -
The Kia EV2 Is Another Cool, Small, Affordable EV That You Can't Have It's not hard to find a great $30,000 EV. Unless you live in America, that is. By Mack Hogan Pricing - Mar 24 -